"The woman who died after falling from a bridge over the A21 has been identified as a Sevenoaks mum. Marta Kendle, 37, fell from the Gracious Lane bridge on the morning of February 19. Police were called to the carriageway around 6.10am and the road was promptly closed in both directions. Despite paramedics best efforts, Marta, who was originally from Poland, was pronounced dead at the scene. Kent and Medway Coroners office have confirmed an inquest into her death will open on Wednesday (February 27). Tributes to the mum were left at the scene and on social media. Friend, Jodi Cahill posted on Facebook: "I will certainly remember you. I am sorry we did not see how lost and alone you felt. "Be at peace dear Marta." A floral tribute left at the scene said goodbye to the "beautiful and kind soul". It read: "To a beautiful and kind soul, we are sorry we didn&apos;t see your pain. We will miss you always. "Rest in peace Marta, Love from Lorraine, Colin and family." The inquest will take place at the Archbishop&apos;s Palace in Maidstone and will examine the circumstances surrounding Mrs Kendle&apos;s death. Are you struggling or know someone who is? Watch our video below to find out how the Samaritans could help. Mrs Kendle&apos;s death prompted the setting up of a petition calling for higher railings along the Gracious Lane bridge by Sevenoaks Common - to prevent people falling and to protect drivers from below. By today (February 25) 4,500 people had signed. The same site was the scene of another death in July last year when Southborough woman, Angela Skinner, 54, also died after falling on to the A21."	
"2019-04-21T18:54:04Z"	
"https://www.kentlive.news/news/sevenoaks-mum-who-died-after-2582402"
"messaging system designed as a plugin-based system. Doubtless the kopete people would disagree with me here, but I'd say that their project was utterly redundant. What advantages does kopete bring that could not have been submitted to gaim itself? Why go to the time and effort to independently develop two programs which do virtually the same thing? Now there are other, significant differences. Gaim uses the GTK+ toolkit. Kopete uses Qt. Gaim is primarily C, Kopete is C++. In fact Kopete is fairly tightly bounded to KDE, whereas I think Gaim is not so quite involved with Gnome. So we can reduce this redundancy problem to the problem of two desktops, if it is a problem. I'm not sure it is, after all competition is good and drives development. Is it that much of a problem that some coders have spent time and effort re-inventing the wheel anyway? Well I think it is a problem, unless you are heavily camped in either desktop. I'm not. When I develop a GUI application, I have to make a decision about which environment suits me best. I know there's more to it than that - Gnome has all that other stuff like Glib and KDE isn't just QT - but the GUI is a major consideration. So if I opt for (say) GTK+, will some QT zealot prefer to code an alternative to using my version? I run a mixture of Gnome and KDE applications. I use Konqueror as a web browser, Gimp for some graphic stuff, etc. The two toolkits are somewhat annoying because they do not interact particularly well. When I write a GUI app, I want the interface code to be as separate from the logic as possible, to make swapping them in and out as easy as possible. Don't code an alternative, write a new interface for me! Glade is a GTK+ interface builder. You use a drag-and-drop program to compose a UI, and it can generate the corresponding GTK+ code. You can save the project seperately as an XML application. What is really exciting however is the companion libglade. This library reads in the XML that Glade writes at runtime and constructs the UI from that. You therefore don't even need to necessarily use the UI builder to generate the XML if you don't want to. Perhaps you'll just translate a UI described in a different XML application. So why do I think this is exciting? Alter/tweak the UI at runtime, without a recompilation. Translate (via XSL) an interface description in a different XML application. I haven't looked at the design of the XML glade dialect much myself, it might be a nightmare; but at least that nightmare could be hidden behind a translation. Want a KDE version? Write a runtime, XML-interpreting UI builder for KDE! Argh! so this rant has gone off-track a little bit. What else have I got to cover?"	
"2019-04-23T18:39:18Z"	
"https://jmtd.net/log/geek/linux/ui/"
"CHARLES H. MEISNER, one of the prosperous and highly-esteemed business men of Birnamwood, Shawano county, was born in Newton township, Manitowoc Co., Wis., February 14, 1860, and is a son of Frederick and Magarette (Steltzer) Meisner, both natives of Germany. Frederick Meisner was born February 5, 1825, in Mechlenburg, Germany, and after the death of his father he, with his mother and the rest of the family, came to America in 1849, settling in Manitowoc county. Here the mother lived to the good old age, dying in 1888. The parental family comprised six children, namely John, Frederick, Joseph, Dora, Josephine and Mary. The mother of our subject was born in Bavaria about the year 1832. Her mother died in Germany, and about 1850 she came to America with her father and her three brothers; John, William and Nicholas—and three sisters—Mary, Cathrena and Lena. Her father was a farmer by occupation. Frederick Meisner had six children of whom Charles H., Frederick J. and Henry are living; William died when four years old; John when an infant, and a daughter, Bertha, when nine months old. This worthy couple at present reside on a farm purchased by Mr. Meisner some thirty-seven years ago, and which is situated near Manitowoc City. They are consistent members of the German Lutheran Church, and Frederick Meisner is a stanch Republican, although he has never taken a very active part in political matters. Charles H. Meisner was reared to the life of a farmer's boy, obtaining his education in the common schools, and assisting his father upon the farm until he was of age. He then spent several summers working upon a farm. In June, 1884, in company with John Roepke, he came to Birnamwood, where he bought out a store owned by Hunter and Cole, and organized the firm of Roepke & Meisner, proprietors of a general mercantile store. In 1889 they commenced the manufacture of lumber, buying and repairing a mill and furnishing employment to fifteen men, on an average. Both these gentlemen have built themselves handsome residences, and have dealt extensively in real estate, now owning some 1,300 acres of timber and farming lands. Charles H. Meisner was married January 4, 1884 to Miss Meta Pleuss, who was born in the same town and county as her husband. She is a daughter of Frederick and Mary (Levereriz) Pleuss, natives of Germany; who came to, America about 1850. The father; who was a farmer, died in 1877. They had a family of five daughters—Mary, Lizzie, Meta, Augusta and Minnie. Both the parents had children by former marriages. Mr. and Mrs. Meisner have no children. In politics our subject is a good Republican, but has always been too busy attending to his own affairs to become an office-seeker. However, his fellow-citizens have shown their appreciation of his worth by making him town treasurer, and electing him to the minor offices. He was postmaster for eight years, and is one of the trustees of the village. He and his wife are members of the German Lutheran Church, and are held in high esteem."	
"2019-04-19T11:07:52Z"	
"http://synergistic-technologies.com/biocmeisner.html"
"EVER WONDER WHY SOME PEOPLE CAN WORK NIGHTS AND SLEEP EASILY DURING THE DAY? A new study from Tiina Pauno, a professor at the University of Helsinki, Finland found that many night workers actually have a variant in the genetic code that makes them less influenced by Melatonin and hence the circadian rhythm. They tested 577 shift workers and looked for a genetic changes for job-related exhaustion. The risk variant known as 1A(MTNR1A) gene basically turns off or on the DNA (through methylation). This is another fascinating epigenetic (a new field of genetics studying how our environment changes or genes) mechanism regulating function. The result people who can do this have less receptors and are not sensitive to melatonin and tolerate nights much better. The people with this gene variant can sleep in bright light without any difficulty as well. Hmm all those years you wondered why you couldn’t stay awake at a night job and your peers seemed to have no problems. Sleep is very complex and poorly understood."	
"2019-04-20T02:57:13Z"	
"https://www.spineprochiropractic.com/sleep-why-some-people-sleep-easier-than-others-spine-pro-chiropractic-new-richmond-ellsworth/"
"Conduct effective product control and valuation control of treasury products and derivatives in banking book. Duties include daily P&L reporting and analysis, balance sheet substantiation, pricing parameter verification and market conformity checking. First point of contact for front office to handle ad hoc queries on position, P&L. University graduate with degree in Financial Engineering, Quantitative Finance, Risk Management, Finance, Economics, Accounting or related disciplines. Further professional qualification such as ACCA, CPA, CFA, FRM would be a plus. At least 2 year of working experience in equity and interest rate related treasury products and/or product control, solid experience in South East Asia is an advantage. Proficiency in financial instruments & market operations."	
"2019-04-18T12:50:06Z"	
"https://www.jobable.com/bank-of-china-jobs/hong-kong/assistant-financial-risk-manager-product-control-banking-book-195749"
"Stayed here about four years ago and they helped me out this weekend. Thankfully Citadines had a double apartment room for our stay. Usual facilities and a cooker, dishwasher, iron etc. We had a large view of the cathedral and port area and Montjuïc. Fabulous. Non fussy and perfectly functional. 3 star with excellent staff. I wont go anywhere else in the future."	
"2019-04-22T22:21:10Z"	
"https://www.barcelona-tourist-guide.com/en/hotels/reviews/citadines-hotel-barcelona.html"
"It’s the end of the world,” said the caterpillar. “It’s the beginning of the world,” said the butterfly. In the life cycle of a butterfly, it starts out as an egg that turns into a caterpillar. Then it becomes a cocoon before it turns into a beautiful creature capable of fluttering free through the skies. The search for happiness is universal, and yet it is hard to find. Perhaps we are looking in the wrong place. Are You Chasing the Elusive Butterfly of Happiness? Monarch butterflies journey from the Great Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico, a distance of about 1,800 miles, and return to the north again in the spring. This is a site about Butterflies (but of course!) The butterfly is an inspiration to many because of its rich beauty and spiritual symbolism. Butterflies represent transformation and they stir the imagination of both child and adult alike. As you explore this colorful website, you'll discover a unique assortment of butterfly related information, photos, and folklore from around the world, along with inspirational stories and videos that will enliven and enlighten your mind, heart and soul."	
"2019-04-21T15:09:37Z"	
"https://butterflyinsight.com/"
"Fasnet 2015: Spindrift & Prince de Bretagne , "Neck to neck" Spindrift reports that After 48 hours of sailing, Spindrift 2 is neck and neck with @trimaranpdb Prince de Bretagne Tri. Both Tris followed by Phaedo, Oman & Concise MOD70s. On corrected time Phaedo 3 leads."	
"2019-04-18T20:34:13Z"	
"https://www.catsailingnews.com/2015/08/fasnet-2015-spindrift-prince-de.html"
"As the nation’s largest no-reserve internet auction firm specializing in construction and agricultural equipment, Purple Wave is focused on transforming the way in which sellers reach buyers to turn their assets into cash. Founded in 2000, Purple Wave was among the first companies to use the power of the internet to streamline the corporate auction process. This early vision led to rapid growth and success, and Purple Wave was widely regarded as a trusted online destination that brought corporate sellers and buyers together. As Purple Wave evolved, it had an opportunity to take advantage of the data it was collecting. After hearing Icimo CEO Bryce Gartner speak at a National Auctioneers Association event, Purple Wave engaged Icimo to develop a business intelligence strategy. The insights gained were striking from the beginning. According to David, data that used to take weeks, months or even years to acquire is now available to management in a matter of minutes, allowing for quick and informed decisions about critical business issues. As Purple Wave began to refocus on specific segments, the continued insight gleaned from icimo and Tableau shifted to a more targeted and strategic marketing effort. For an online business, data is seemingly limitless— if it can be accessed. From historical buying tendencies and product performance, to geographic trends and other factors, Purple Wave is now able to market to customers and prospects with the confidence of having access to accurate and actionable data."	
"2019-04-24T04:12:26Z"	
"https://www.icimo.com/solutions/case-studies/Auction-uncovers-data-in-its-bid-to-gain-insights/"
"Stretch Therapy (ST) is a comprehensive system that includes stretching, fascia remodelling, strengthening, neural re-patterning, and relaxation. We can hep you ease tension and pain,help prevent injuries, increase your range of movement and adjust any imbalances. Our stretch therapy (AIS technique) allows the body to repair itself and also to prepare for daily activity. The AIS technique involves the method of holding each stretch for only two seconds. This method of stretching is also known to work with the body’s natural physiological makeup to improve circulation and increase the elasticity of muscle joins and fascia. The AIS method of muscle lengthening and fascial release is a type of Athletic Stretching Technique that provides effective, dynamic, facilitated stretching of major muscle groups, but more importantly, AIS provides functional and physiological restoration of superficial and deep fascial planes. AIS is important for injury prevention recovery, as well as performance enhancement. AIS is something that everyone can benefit from. One of the many things that makes AIS superior in dealing with flexibility problems is that it has no age and very few contraindication limits. It can be used by the very young and by the most senior of senior citizens. Other than typical sport massage techniques like deep tissue manipulation, pressure points, joint mobility etc. This modification allowing a combination of stretching techniques. This stretches provide maximum benefits with out opposing tension or resulting trauma. This brief stretch allows the targeted muscle to lengthen without triggering the stretch reflex that contracts the antagonist muscle, or the muscle that opposes the targeted muscle. This gentle stretch is repeated several times for each targeted muscles. To emphasizes prevention and healing injuries of the muscles and tendons. Can be beneficial for the people with injuries, chronic pain and restricted range of motion. At the end of the session the L/R at least symmetrical balance. NOTE: However, you don’t be an athlete to benefit from sport massage stretching. This is also helpful for desk job or office people."	
"2019-04-19T00:34:17Z"	
"http://iyaradayspa.com/stretch-therapy/"
"The sport of Bocce Ball is alive and well in Holliston. "Throwing balls toward a target is the oldest game known to mankind. As early as 5000 B.C. the Egyptians played a form of Bocce with polished rocks. Graphic representations of figures tossing a ball or polished stone have been recorded as early as 5200 B.C. While Bocce today looks quite different from its early predecessors, the unbroken thread of Bocce’s lineage is the consistently common objective of trying to come as close to a fixed target as possible. From this early objective, the basic rules of Bocce were born. From Egypt, the game made its way to Greece around 800 B.C. The Romans learned the game from the Greeks, and then introduced it throughout the empire. The Roman influence in bocce is preserved in the game’s name; bocce derives from the Vulgate Latin bottia, meaning boss. The early Romans were among the first to play a game resembling what we know as Bocce today. In early times they used coconuts brought back from Africa and later used hard olive wood to carve out Bocce balls. Beginning with Emperor Augustus, Bocce became the sport of statesman and rulers. From the early Greek physician Hippocrates to the great Italian Renaissance man Galileo, the early participants of Bocce have noted that the game’s athleticism and spirit of competition rejuvenates the body. In 1576, the Republic of Venice publicly condemned the sport, punishing those who played with fines and imprisonment. And perhaps most grave was the condemnation by the Catholic Church which deterred the laity and officially prohibited clergyman from playing the game by proclaiming Bocce a means of gambling. Bocce frequently lost and gained popularity throughout the ages. It was Giuseppe Garibaldi, who, while unifying and nationalizing Italy, popularized the sport as it is known today. In 1896, during a resurgence of popularity, the first Bocce Olympiad was held in Athens, Greece. Bocce has been a part of international sports ever since. Thanks to many Italian immigrants at the turn of the century, Bocce has come to flourish in the United States. During its beginnings in the U.S., there were as many versions of the game as there were towns the immigrants had left. The popularity of Bocce in America has been on the rise since then and there are more than 25,000,000 Bocce enthusiasts throughout the United States today." Next to Soccer and Golf, Bocce is the third most participated sport in the world and is considered the oldest know sport in world history. Al Scaramella hosted the game that I attended. This day there were enough players to field two teams of four, one throwing red balls, the other green. Teams are determined as each player pulls a red or green ball out of a sack. Green always goes first. The game starts with a member of the green team tossing out the Pallino, the small orange ball being thrown by Joe, above, who then rolls his green ball as close as he can to the Pallino. Red then tries to get closer to the Pallino than the green ball and each member of the red team rolls until a red ball ends up closest to the Pallino or all four reds are no closer than the green. Green gets to go again if a red ball ends up closer to the Pallino. Above, the next ball to be thrown would be green since the red ball ended up closest to the Pallino. Capiche? As in most sports, form is everything. Above Tony Alexander displays his form developed over years of playing bocce, starting "when I was only this high" said Tony with his hand waist high. Host Al Scaramella was just as effective using the same form as Tony. Both showed the results of years playing bocce. Strategy plays a big part in the game. Sometimes it's better to hit the ball of an opposing team than try to get close to the Pallino. The boards can also be used to position a ball behind the Pallino. Above, Kevin tosses early in a game as Dennis, Tony, Aaron and Walter wait their turn. Tony and Al usually were anchors for their teams as it becomes important not to hit a ball of your same color and loose a point. Sometimes a measurement has to be taken to determine which ball is closest. In the case above, one red ball is clearly closest but if the second red ball is closer to the Pallino than the green ball, then the red team gets two points instead of just one. Capiche? Between games. Al Zambonis the court. Al built the court about four years ago and has been honing his skills ever since. Most remember when Bertuccis opened in 1984 or 85 with a Bocce court in the middle of the dining room. The court didn't last long for whatever reason. First team to reach 11 and is ahead by at least two points wins. This day the green team won every game even though there were different players each time. There is at least one other Bocce court in Holliston. Teams and tournaments could lead to a shot at the Summer Olympics. Perchè no? I think this is fantastic. I played when I was a kid. Would love to be able to join a league in town. Interesting article, thanks. Would be great to see a bocce court installed at Blair Square near the rail trail! "The court didn't last long for whatever reason." I think I should take some of the blame for the demise of the bocce court at Bertucci's. When it opened, my son was about 5. Bertucci's was a great place to take the kids (still is) and my son loved the bocce court, especially throwing the balls. His form wasn't as good as the pros, and occasionally, one of his throws went "out of bounds". I suspect there were other parents who failed at juggling waiting in line and making sure the balls stayed on the bocce court. Anyway, what goes around, comes around, and the offender is now 36, and expecting his first child in a few weeks."	
"2019-04-25T10:18:53Z"	
"http://www.hollistonreporter.com/article/14259/bocce-ball-is-alive-and-well-in-holliston.html"
"A month ago, India had commissioned world’s first 100 percent solar-powered airport in Cochin. Recently, India’s greenest airport terminal at Chandigarh international airport in Mohali was inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Built by Larsen and Toubro (L&T), the terminal, spread over 53,000 square meters, is designed in accordance with concept of green building. The terminal sets a new benchmark in sustainability by incorporating various green technologies. The terminal is constructed using over 55 lakh fly ash bricks and features cavity walls, double insulated roofing, energy efficient chillers, and a sensor-based plumbing system to save water. Such an extensive use of fly ash in construction of large structure is highly commendable. The terminal has achieved a 4-star GRIHA (Green Rating for Integrated Habitat Assessment) rating. Unlike other terminals, this does not have huge displays that run on artificial light and consume huge amount of electricity. Absence of displays has helped in cutting down maintenance costs and running expenditures. The terminal does not require artificial lighting during day time owing to a transparent façade. Used glass on the façade is low-heat gain glass, which means it will automatically reduce the need for installing and spending on air conditioners. A lawn laid out right inside the terminal delivers a refreshing treat for passengers. The available air conditioners are equipped with sensors that can detect body heat for automatic activation. Rest of the time, the ACs remain in sleep mode to save energy. To meet the electricity requirements, a 200 KW solar plant is installed on the rooftop of the terminal. Solar plant generates enough energy to meet the major power needs of the building. For lighting during nights, 40 percent of the airport is illuminated with energy-efficient LEDs. The terminal also includes a sewage treatment plant with a capacity of 600 KLD. The treatment plant is based on environment-friendly extended aeration technology. The recycled water is reused for flushing and gardening. The airport terminal is one of its kind in India, may be in world too. It hasn’t received any name yet, but most likely it is to be named after Indian revolutionary freedom fighter Sardar Bhagat Singh. The new airport will facilitate neighboring states including Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, and Jammu and Kashmir."	
"2019-04-24T15:02:48Z"	
"http://www.planetcustodian.com/2015/09/25/7695/indias-greenest-airport-terminal-constructed-from-55-lakh-fly-ash-bricks.html"
"Stately palm trees reach to the blue sky. The city of Split, and majestic mountains, far off in the distance. Looking up from Trogir’s network of little streets. Cheery lemons await picking, or just admirers. A tiny church, off in the distance. Silhouette of Kairos (the god of the fleeting moment), modeled after a 3rd-century bas-relief found in the town. These are beautiful. Lucky you! Lucky indeed, Caitlin. When we walk out among the buildings adorned with coats of arms, strolling the city’s labyrinthine lanes, I have to pinch myself that I’ve been in such a special city for over a month. The friendly people here make Trogir all the more wonderful. Jen, I agree with you that perpetually sunny skies can get a bit overwhelming. I felt the same way this past fall, visiting sunny Nevada. Sometimes I just yearned for a rain cloud or two. I suppose the “grass is always greener.” I liked your line that once again the “blue skies hold magic” for you. Some great looking up shots, Tricia. Love the one between the houses, with the lamp in, and that cat shot is wonderful. Thanks, Jo! We do a lot of looking up here because a lot of the fun details are hidden up there. Tricia I so loved your blue skies today. It has been the usual 300 days of rain followed by a day of sunshine. This is the rain-forest area so we must accept the rain but right now I do believe I have webbed feet. V. Soon you’ll be admiring all the emerald beauty around you! Those date palms set against blue skies is something to be cheery about. What a beautiful place to choose for home away from home. How long is this stay? Lynne, I didn’t know that those were date palms! Thanks for providing that botanical tidbit. We’ll be returning to Germany/France in May or June. (We can only stay in the Schengen Zone for 90 days at a time.) Since tourist season will be picking up here in the coming weeks and months, we’ll probably flit on off to another home away from home. There are so many lovely options – Montenegro, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Albania? Another spot in Croatia? We’ll see. I am sad at the thought of leaving Trogir, though, as we’ve met some really kind people and are starting to feel a bit like locals. Tricia Mitchell is spending some time in Trogir and exploring Dalmatia and she has written some very interesting posts, which are recommended reading! The blue skies are a striking background for all your beautiful photos. Everything looks good against a clear blue sky! My favorites are the flags. Hi Marilyn, blue is such a regal color – fitting for Trogir’s magnificent architecture! I also find the Croatian flag to be quite striking, especially contrasted with that column and centuries-old buildings. Mark, I have to pinch myself whenever I see so much vibrant life here, even during these late winter months. I am pleased to find you via “Our Adventure in Croatia”. Stunning pics! Tina, the feeling is mutual. Thanks for your flattering feedback and for visiting! In what part of Serbia do you live? I live in the South East. Near Nis. We are kinda distant neighbors. Indeed :) – we might be heading that way – we shall see. So much to explore in this region! How long have you lived there? This time it is a long term stay. (maybe permanent.). We only just arrived in Nov (2012). But we were here two previous times for 5 months each tip. I am getting my bearings. :) Very Challenging with a toddler! Wow, I can imagine how it must be challenging navigating new customs with a little one! Are you speaking multiple languages to your child? Yes, but she cannot speak yet. In time she will be bi-lingual. Ah, beautiful Tricia, croation skies are different than californian skies ,I can see. Enjoy! I’ll have to read up on why the color varies so, Cornelia. The winter light is of course quite different here on the seaside than in Germany. The winter side is usually more bluish,, and the place where you are is usually more yellowish and reddish, talking in photography terms. It all depends on the temperature and the reflection of the sky, just a simple explanation so far. I wonder why that part of the world has such intense blue skies! The puzzled cat and the soaring seagull are my favourite picks Tricia. I thought that too, Madhu. I’ll have to ask my meteorologist friend."	
"2019-04-19T17:12:50Z"	
"https://triciaannemitchell.com/2013/03/12/the-blue-skies-of-trogir-croatia/"
"Showcasing Mosaic hops and a delicate blend of malts, this Extra Special Bitter was brewed with the very finest ingredients available. Naughty Hildegard ESB supports big flavours of guava, mango and citrus to deliver a juicy hop-malt balance that is deceptively easy to drink. A Pacific Northwest jam on a UK classic."	
"2019-04-21T16:49:54Z"	
"https://driftwoodbeer.com/beers/naughty-hildegard-extra-special-bitter/"
"Refind is featured in Swedish business weekly "Veckans Affärer" The future is finally here. That's what an article in Veckans Affärer, a Swedish business weekly, is concluding writing about Artificial Intelligence. Together with our friends at Tajitsu, Refind is featured as the company that has successfully managed to bring AI into the physical world with our sorting applications for electronics and batteries."	
"2019-04-20T10:31:14Z"	
"https://www.refind.se/blog/2014/6/5/refind-is-featured-in-swedish-business-weekly-veckans-affrer"
"DOLPHIN FASHION CORP. is an entity registered at NEW YORK county with company number 2297344. DOLPHIN FASHION CORP. located at the address Suite #1007 110 West 40Th St New York, New York, 10018. Company is incorporated on September 14, 1998. Current status of the company is inactive - dissolution by proclamation / annulment of authority (jun 26, 2002). September 14, 1998 Actual DOLPHIN FASHION CORP. DOLPHIN FIRE PROTECTION SERVICES, INC. DOLPHIN FITNESS 23RD ST., INC. DOLPHIN FITNESS 93RD STREET, INC. DOLPHIN FITNESS BATH AVE., INC. DOLPHIN FITNESS BEEKMAN AVE., INC. DOLPHIN ENTERPRISES OF NEW YORK INC."	
"2019-04-23T17:53:43Z"	
"https://www.company-detail.com/company-dolphin-fashion-corp-2297344"
"Congratulations, this is no B.S. free zone! Visual artists are visual thinkers! So we made anatomy books for artists. They don't want to read magnificent, but boring anatomy textbooks, stuffed with medical level information. Instead, the author made a book with clear images, that contain only the necessary information needed, to create a realistic human form. Most pictures in the book are self-explanatory. The text part of this book is only about 2%. The concept of this book came from co-author Uldis Zarins, classically trained sculptor, with 20 years of sculpting experience, looking for good visual anatomy book for his students, that would help to explain the forms of the human figure. After years of fruitless searching, Uldis decided to roll up his sleeves and take one for the team. So, he embarked on an epic quest to create a book for solid anatomical reference for any aspiring artist. The book contains images of various examples of different postures, such as a twisted torso, the movement of arms etc. This means you don't have to guess anymore how each muscle will look from any angle. "A secret weapon" to making a realistic human form. What sets apart good classical artists from others? Major factors are the skills and practice of course, but good live model makes a huge difference! If you have a good reference, you won’t need a live model anymore. Be inspired, and don’t waste your precious time on the search for images in google, basically, everything you need is in this book!"	
"2019-04-20T03:21:29Z"	
"https://anatomy4sculptors.com/collections/frontpage/products/copy-of-anatomy-for-sculptors-understanding-the-figure-hardcover"
"The stock market is the place where stocks and bonds are traded. Stocks are units of ownership in a company, and so they can sell their stock to get money. As an investor, when you buy stock you become a shareholder which means technically you own a part of the company. If the profits of the company increase, you, as a shareholder receive a portion of those profits. Not all investments in stock are successful, stock prices rise and fall regularly and getting a return on your money is never guaranteed, part of investing means you take a risk on a company."	
"2019-04-19T05:01:28Z"	
"https://www.theadultbible.co.uk/stock-market/"
"You can rely on Sure Betbuilder S to present the very best service when it comes to Builder in Mc Leansville, NC. You'll need the most sophisticated technologies around, and our workforce of skilled experts will give you just that. Our materials are always of the very best quality and we are able to save cash. We can help you to come up with decisions for your job, answer all your questions, and organize a meeting with our professionals whenever you contact us by dialing 888-459-0005. Why's Us The Best ? Sure Betbuilder S concentrates on customer satisfaction to guarantee that you are happy with our labor. We discover your objectives and project standards, and we're going to strive to make certain you approve of our results. We understand all of your concerns, and we are ready to help. If you contact us today, we will answer your questions and concerns, and we will actually resolve the important questions which you did not think to ask. You should put together the best decisions for your own work, and we know how to help you to do that. At Sure Betbuilder S, we know that you'll want to stay within your financial budget and lower your costs wherever you're able to. In the process, you need the absolute best and finest standard of work for Builder in Mc Leansville, NC. Our attempts to save you money won't give up the quality of our services. Our intent is to be sure you acquire the right supplies and a completed project that holds up over time. We're able to do this by supplying you with the most suitable deals available and preventing expensive complications. Save time and dollars through contacting Sure Betbuilder S today. Call up 888-459-0005 to speak with our customer service reps, today. Builder are available in Mc Leansville, NC. Concerning Builder in Mc Leansville, NC, you should be informed to make the very best decisions. We will never encourage you to make ill advised judgments, since we know exactly what we're doing, and we ensure you know very well what to anticipate with the project. You're not going to deal with any kind of surprises whenever you choose Sure Betbuilder S. Begin by going over your job with our customer support staff once you dial 888-459-0005. We'll answer all your important questions and set up the preliminary appointment. We work together with you throughout the whole process, and our crew will appear on time and prepared. Many reasons exist to pick Sure Betbuilder S for Builder in Mc Leansville, NC. Our company is the most suitable choice when you really need the most beneficial cash saving methods, the top equipment, and the highest rank of client satisfaction. We are there to serve you with the greatest skills and practical knowledge in the field. Contact 888-459-0005 to reach Sure Betbuilder S and explore your expectations regarding Builder in Mc Leansville."	
"2019-04-23T14:04:48Z"	
"https://www.surebetbuilders.com/nc/builder-in-mc-leansville/"
"The more times your children go under general anesthesia but it's not. This will be the 3rd time one of my children gets to experience this. It's really not that big of a deal, but I just feel bad there is nothing I can do to help, watching them wheel them away on the bed screaming, and then bringing them back asleep and waiting for them to wake up, which is never a pleasant thing if you have never experienced that. Unfortunately unlike Lucy he has had an infection that has been with him for a month, no antibiotic has cured it, not only that but the puss and fluid have not drained. So they will make an incision to let it drain before they put in the tubes the bad part is it's very painful, so the doctors tell me. Luckily Talmadge is a tough little boy, most of the time during his ear infections (9 since November) he never really cried, or woke up a lot at night, the only indication I ever has was a fever and loss of appetite. So hopefully he will not be to miserable when it's over. Oh! How not fun! It never DOES get easier to see your kids cry because they are scared or hurt. But at least he won't remember it, and it will help him out a ton in the long (and sounds like short) run. Poor little guy! I can not even imagine what he must feel like. I hope it goes well and solves all the problems! Good luck girl! Let me know how things turn out. Wish I could be up there. So nice to hear your Grandchild is having surgery on a blog spot!! Dad told me or I still wouldn't know. So much for concerned parents/grandparents. Amber you poor thing could anything else happen...Knock on wood. Hey when you get a chance check my blog cause I pictured Tagged you. The rules are on the post. Good luck with all thats going on. Amber - I'm so sorry you have to go through this. Knock on wood, but I haven't had to see my kids go under anesthesia yet. Hang in there. I hope the tubes really help Talmadge!"	
"2019-04-26T06:19:04Z"	
"http://lashmettgang.blogspot.com/2008/06/you-would-think-it-would-get-easier.html"
"Alameda is a locals town, which is why we opened a local, non-corporate coffee joint, run by people who love an amazing cup of coffee. Located in historic downtown Alameda, the Local is on the ground floor of the original Masonic Lodge that was built in 1891. This building has been at the heart of the community for over 126 years and the Local strives to be a gathering spot with great coffee and a fun atmosphere. The Local was opened by Otto Wright and his family, who live here in beautiful Alameda, California. Our family has toured the world and found Alameda to be the most livable and enriching towns yet; we love it here and have created this business as a place for the community to gather and enjoy a cup of GREAT coffee - not more corporate swill. We have selected Mr Espresso as our coffee roaster because of their commitment to quality and excellent line of coffees. They have a wide assortment of coffee types that are all unique and present real flavors for all kinds of preferences. We are proud to offer their coffees and eager to help our customers to find their own favorites."	
"2019-04-24T01:51:01Z"	
"http://www.thelocalalameda.com/about.html"
"Drinking is sometimes very fascinating especially as you hang out with friends; it is a fun and provides the feeling of well being. However, the odor of alcohol is annoying for the family and co-workers around you at the workplace especially if you are Smelling like alcohol the next day. Drinking alcohol results in a strong odor around you and as soon as you realize it, you will try to get rid of its smell. Also the alcoholic breath is highly unpleasant for the people around you. In this article we will learn some How to get rid of alcohol breath home remedies? 2 How to Get Rid of Alcohol Odor Naturally? The strong smell of alcohol is always one of the serious concerns of the drinkers. Also in the life time, some people drink heavily and they are unaware of the unpleasant smell of alcohol around them. As the alcohol addicts realize that they have strong odor in their breath and body, they need to find some ways to get rid of this unpleasant smell especially as they go to their workplaces. How long does alcohol breath last? It depends on the hygiene measures you are taking afterwards. There are some natural and effective ways to get rid of this annoying smell. Now you can drink without any worries of alcoholic odor. How to Get Rid of Alcohol Odor Naturally? How to get rid of alcohol smell instantly? One of the most easiest and effective remedy to kill the bad odor of alcohol is to eat some other foods after drinking. A packet of chips, fries, some salads, nachos etc can be very helpful in this regard. If you are planning to drink at friend’s place, take some snacks for your group and you will notice faster decline in the odor of alcohol. Besides, you can also get some drinks to stay hydrated, because if after drinking alcohol if you are dehydrated, the odor of alcohol would be much more. How to get rid of alcohol smell day after drinking? Garlic is wonderful remedy to get rid of alcohol odor. Garlic has a strong scent and can provide you faster relief. Garlic will not only kill the odor of alcohol it is also helpful for the body as well due to its anti-inflammatory and antimicrobial properties. How to get rid of alcohol smell by garlic? You can take the food which is rich in garlic or a garlic sauce. Another simple way is to chew a slice of garlic raw but it can cause bad garlic breath for a longer time. How to get rid of alcohol smell after drinking? Some people don’t like garlic due to its scent, for such people eating onion is an alternative of garlic serving the same purpose. You can eat onion raw in the form of salad; also you can eat onion by adding it in sandwiches or pasta. How to get rid of alcohol smell at home? Tooth paste is a faster and effective way to kill the bad odor of alcohol. Though it can only kill the bad odor from the mouth not from throat but the use of mouth wash afterwards is effective to get rid of any bad odor. Take a tooth paste with strong scent and brush your teeth with it. For better results, do brush your tongue thoroughly with it as some odor producing bacteria stick to the tongue. Sometimes Alcohol breath without drinking is produced due to bacterial growth in mouth, brushing your teeth can kill the odor producing bacteria living inside the mouth. How to get rid of alcohol smell from mouth? Coffee is another easy and simple remedy for the bad alcohol odor especially alcohol breath. Since coffee has a strong scent and taking a cup of coffee can be helpful to get rid of alcohol smell. Simple black coffee is ideal as mixing other ingredients might mask the coffee’s smell and makes it less effective to relieve alcohol odor. How to get rid of alcohol smell after a night out? Keeping chewing gum with strong scent such as peppermint can be an ideal choice to get rid of alcohol breath. As you take chewing gum, more saliva is produced and hence lesser odor. How to get rid of alcohol smell from car? Use any air freshener and use chewing hum while driving. Keep yourself hydrated; drink plenty of water after drinking any alcoholic drink. The dehydrated bodies can produce more odors as compared to normal and hydrated bodies. Take few glasses of water before and during drinking as it ensures that the alcohol is released into your systems. How to get rid of alcohol breath for breathalyzer? Or what neutralizes alcohol on the breath? Drink as much water as you can as it can neutralize the alcohol on breath fast. How to get rid of alcohol body smell? Odor of alcohol is not only present inside your breath, it is also present in whole body, since our skin is porous, and the odor emerges out from the skin pores giving characteristic odor to the drinkers. How to get rid of alcohol smell on your body? Wash your body thoroughly with a perfumed soap or body wash. You can also make use of body scrubbers for additional benefits and proper body cleaning. How to get rid of alcohol smell quickly? Drinking alcohol is a fun but it is associated with some embarrassing outcomes, alcohol odor is one of them. There are several ways by which you can get rid of alcohol odor simply and naturally. At home you can drink plenty of water, make use of chewing gums, some garlic toasts or onion sandwiches to get rid of alcohol odor. How to get rid of alcohol smell on skin? Taking shower after drinking keeps the body clean and lessens the alcohol odor. Take care of your hygiene in order to stay free of odor once you have taken any alcoholic drink or beverage."	
"2019-04-18T22:21:54Z"	
"https://charlies-magazines.com/how-to-get-rid-of-alcohol-smell-fast-naturally/"
"Today we are delighted to introduce you to FarmGirlRosePetals, a three-generation family farm based in Oregon, growing gorgeous flowers and freeze drying the petals for eco-friendly celebrations! How long have you been preserving flowers with freeze drying? When and where did the floriculture life begin for you? I started in 1988 in California… another business with my Mom & Sister. We were buying our flowers from local growers in Watsonville & also importing from South America. We wanted to find a piece of land and begin growing our own flowers so we would have 100% control over the quality of our products. That began our search which lasted for several years until we found our beautiful land. What (or who) inspired you to raise flowers and learn to preserve the petals? My grandparents always had an incredible garden. I remember when I was a very young girl just how special it was to go through the white arch of the picket fence into the back gardens and what a special occasion it always was to have access to their gardens and to be there with them… gardening, harvesting flowers & the sweetest raspberries. My parents both loved gardening as well. The raising of flowers and the preservation of the petals came much later once we found our slice of paradise with our land here in Rainbow Valley, Oregon. Our property sits on the mighty South Umpqua River which is how we responsibly irrigate all of our flower fields using a drip irrigation system. This way, each crop receives the correct amount of water and none is wasted. Do you grow flowers other than roses? We grow roses, hydrangea, peonies, lilacs… all of them are lovingly harvested by hand and carefully loaded into our specialized freeze-dry machines used to preserve the flowers and petals. Everything is done right here on our property… the growing, harvesting, processing and shipping. All done with positive energy and wonderful intentions. What do you enjoy most about the craft of drying rose petals for weddings and special events? Hands down it is the joy of growing the flowers. We are so lucky to see this stunning beauty we create with Mother Nature’s help. We love all of the bees, the butterflies, lady bugs and the sweet floral scent that surrounds us on our land. Maybe even more importantly is how happy our flowers make all of our customers. We are so grateful for all the love they give back to us with glowing reviews, photos and more … they are incredible! What are some of the ways folks can incorporate your flower petals into their celebrations? The uses for our petals are really unlimited. First thing that comes to mind is for a romantic celebration. Valentine’s day is a big one! They are used for proposals, engagement parties, save the date cards, weddings for creating or decorating the aisle, the guests to shower the blissful newlyweds with a petal toss when walking back down the aisle or for their first dance. To decorate the reception tables & couples honeymoon suite, include in thank you notes, gender reveals, babies first photos. They’re also used by resorts and hotels for rose petal turndown and spa services. We have many people that use them to honor and celebrate loved ones for memorials, funerals, celebration of life events. We have had people toss from helicopters, small planes, hot air balloons, military flyovers. Several natural soap, cosmetics and bath bomb companies incorporate our petals into their products. Party & home decorations, the Rose Parade every January. There are unlimited ways to include rose petals into your life… let your imagination have fun creating new ways to use them. Where can your flower petals be purchased at this time? Freeze dried rose petals can be used in culinary projects. Have you ever done this? We have made a number of items with our petals and so have many of our customers. The one that stands out the most is a company that uses our lilac petals in a special microbrew beer they blend. Now that’s creative! What resources do you find invaluable to the novice flower farmer? Do you have any tips for folks who might want to try freeze-drying their own rose petals from their gardens? Freeze drying utilizes highly specialized equipment which is very, very expensive. It is something you are able to do at home if you are willing to invest thousands of dollars for the small table top models. There are other methods of drying flowers, however, they will look like dried flowers verses fresh like freeze-dried petals and flowers look. Follow your heart, do what you are most passionate about. Experiment with plants, annuals, perennials, fruits & veggies… you just never know what will inspire and delight you until you try it! We loved hearing more about your wonderful flower farm and, putting together this post, can almost smell the gorgeous flowers! Your farm is bringing joy to so many celebrations and that is something to celebrate, too. You can keep up with Flyboy Naturals on their Facebook page at Flyboy Naturals Rose Petals and on on Instagram @flyboynaturalsrosepetals. And you can find FarmGirlRosePetals on Facebook, too. Do you have unique ideas for incorporating flower petals into celebrations? Share in the comments, we’d love to hear them! Rose petals can add that special touch to just about any occasion, but when the celebration is over, you might be looking to sweep up those sweet blossoms. Solution? If you haven’t already purchased a farm-crafted, sustainably sourced broom from Little John… what are you waiting for? Sweeping up rosy rose petals is just one small task these mighty brooms are good at. And, since they last forever, there will be many more occasions where sweeping with a “piece of art” will bring you much joy!"	
"2019-04-18T15:49:24Z"	
"https://www.farmmade.com/meet-the-farmers-of-farmgirlrosepetals/"
"Cascara (Cascara sagrada) by Eagle Peak Herbals: This North American shrub is a well known laxative and colon cleanser that has been widely used by physicians as well as native peoples. Many commercial preparations intended to treat constipation contain the cured bark of Cascara sagrada. Famous for "next morning results. Cascara (Cascara sagrada), certified organic grain alcohol, and distilled water."	
"2019-04-21T14:18:20Z"	
"https://www.naturalhealinghouse.com/Cascara-Eagle-Peak-Herbals-p/eag043.htm"
"Thymoquinone protects DRG neurons from axotomy-induced cell death. OBJECTIVE: Peripheral nerve injury (PNI) is a significant health problem that is linked to sensory, motor, and autonomic deficits. This pathological condition leads to a reduced quality of life in most affected individuals. Schwann cells (SCs) play a crucial role in the repair of PNI. Effective agents that promote SC activation may facilitate and accelerate peripheral nerve repair. Thymoquinone (TQ), a bioactive component of Nigella sativa seeds, has an antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, immunomodulatory, and neuroprotective properties. In the present study, the neuroprotective efficacy of TQ was investigated by using a laser microdissection technique in a mouse PNI model. METHODS: Single cells were isolated from dorsal root ganglions (DRGs) of 6-8-week-old mice, maintained in defined culture conditions and treated with or without TQ at different concentrations. Axons were cut (axotomy) using a controllable laser microbeam to model axonal injury in vitro. Under fluorescence microscopy, cell viability was evaluated using the fluorescent dyes. The behavior of the cells was continuously monitored with time-lapse video microscopy. RESULTS: TQ significantly increased neuronal survival by promoting the survival and proliferation of SCs and fibroblasts, as well as the migration of SCs. Furthermore, TQ improved the ability to extend neurites of axotomized neurons. The regenerative effect of TQ was dose-dependent suggesting a target specificity. Our studies warrant further preclinical and clinical investigations of TQ as a potential regenerative agent to treat peripheral nerve injuries. CONCLUSION: TQ exhibits a regenerative potential for the treatment of damaged peripheral nerves."	
"2019-04-20T06:38:54Z"	
"http://m.greenmedinfo.com/article/thymoquinone-exhibits-regenerative-potential-treatment-damaged-peripheral-nerv"
"– Handouts will be uploaded to the website 10 minutes before the webinar. – Please stay muted (turn off your microphone) during the webinar. – Recorded webinars will be available for course subscribers within a few days after the webinar."	
"2019-04-24T04:21:21Z"	
"https://www.acupuncturemedia.com/webinars/"
"The page provides the exchange rate of 26402000000 Emirati Dirham (AED) to Japanese Yen (JPY), sale and conversion rate. Moreover, we added the list of the most popular conversions for visualization and the history table with exchange rate diagram for 26402000000 Emirati Dirham (AED) to Japanese Yen (JPY) from Tuesday, 23/04/2019 till Tuesday, 16/04/2019. Latest update of 26402000000 Emirati Dirham (AED) exchange rate. Convert currency 26402000000 AED to JPY. How much is 26402000000 Emirati Dirham to Japanese Yen? — 804501399825.77 Japanese Yen. 26402000000 Emirati Dirham to Japanese Yen, convert 26402000000 AED in JPY."	
"2019-04-23T06:13:16Z"	
"https://aed.currencyrate.today/jpy/26402000000"
"CELEBRATIONS reminds us to celebrate the seasons of our lives. Remember the summer fresh-garden herbs and vegetables, the familiar tastes of autumn apples from the orchard just down the road? Whisperings of winter, remind us of the cozy meals that once comforted and soothed. We need time to feast from tables set with traditions and to gather with those we love. Simple, yet savory recipes that seem familiar to us from childhood are the heart of classic meals. As we savor these familiar aromas, the feelings from special gatherings from long ago are reborn, as old things become new again. Some of the treasured recipes given to author by close friends and family are included in this compilation of favorites. Enjoy Roasted Pepper Chicken on Ciabatta or Ginger Glazed Salmon Stir Fry with Wild Berry Pistachio Salad and a Tuxedo Brownie Square.......all delicious! We hope you will use Celebrations as a guide to enjoy simple afternoon luncheons, sunday afternoon games, birthday parties, anniversaries, or even the birth of a newborn baby."	
"2019-04-22T17:00:02Z"	
"https://thenetloftak.com/collections/sales-specials/products/gathering-of-friends-cookbook-volume-3"
"Free Season Ticket and Boyds Boots? A.G.M. covering the 31st May 2009 ending Accounts. Tickets Prices For Next Year ????"	
"2019-04-21T18:36:43Z"	
"http://theposhforum.co.uk/viewforum.php?f=12&start=100"
"Consider replacing the flapper and inspect the inside of the tank to see if there is any build-up preventing a proper seal. Also inspect the lift wire/guide to see if it is bent, corroded or catching on something, preventing the flapper from closing properly. The float arm needs to be adjusted so that the water level is 2" below the top of the overflow pipe. The float arm may need to be repositioned to obtain the desired water level. If it is a plastic float arm, adjust the screw located at the top of the arm. Also make sure the refill tube is located about 1/4" over the overflow pipe. If necessary, clip the tube to the overflow pipe to stabilize it and keep it from moving into the overflow pipe. Consider replacing or repairing the service line to prevent larger loss of water. A professional service may need to be contacted for completing this task. At this point, try to determine where the water is going inside the home. Finally, if all of the above tests show no evidence of leaked water, check the appliances that cycle. Water softeners can cause an increase in usage, so check the settings to make sure it is not cycling more often than necessary and monitor its full cycle to make sure it is operating properly. Also check outside spigots and hydrants to make sure they are not dripping, especially when connected to a sprinkler, soaker hose, or irrigation system. Take note of the times when extra water may be used, possibly weekends and evenings, when watering plants and gardens. Check out our Conservation Tips under News & Notices for more suggestions."	
"2019-04-22T08:31:41Z"	
"https://mcrw.org/leak-detection"
"LEWISTON — The Calvary United Medthodist Church will hold its monthly bean supper at 4:45 p.m. Saturday, April 13, at the church on Sabattus Street. The meal will include bakes beans, hot dogs, salads, casseroles (including vegetarian), biscuits, brown bread and pies. Cost is $8 for adults and $3 for children under 10. Use the Garden Entrance on Bartlett Street. For more information, call Lucky DiBello at 207-784-3869. PERU — The Rumford Senior Citizens will hold an Easter Luncheon at 11:30 a.m. Monday, April 15, at the old Peru Elementary School, 1 Main St. Cost is $6. This event is open to the public. There are only 40 seats available, so call ahead to make reservations. For more information or to reserve seating, call 207-562-7700."	
"2019-04-26T16:05:17Z"	
"https://www.sunjournal.com/2019/04/11/community-meals-10-3/"
"telecommunications and Entertainment Company in the universe! As a AT&T Portables Retail Sales Consultant, you’ll get to know communication and entertainment industry inside and out. You’ll be the one everyone else looks to when it comes to what’s next in wireless and entertainment technology solutions. Find out what it’s like to work in an industry that’s rapidly growing and has a legacy of successful innovation. position is a critical role in the company, and requires the candidate to execute the essential Job duties. successfully meeting or exceeding sales goals. Our top sellers earn up to $45,000 per year."	
"2019-04-24T04:01:41Z"	
"https://masscv.com/jobs/vacancy?vn=190211124457"
"Get the latest information on the building project. Want to see a specialist without traveling out of town? Health topics just for women. Johnson Memorial Health Services (JMHS) is a hospital district offering a wide variety of high quality services to our community members and visitors. Book a stay for your next visit."	
"2019-04-19T21:22:43Z"	
"https://jmhsmn.org/"
"Who am I? What's this all About? You could say I grew up traveling, when I was young I lived in Lagos, Nigeria with my family. Over the years I spent there we traveled to some of the countries you see highlighted in green. During these travels I saw the pyramids of Egypt, I summited Mt. Kilimanjaro, skied in the alps, learned how to scuba dive in Mauritius, and so much more. I was very lucky in this respect, but living in West Africa exposed me to some stark realities. I quickly came to understand that the world is a harsh place to most people. The struggle for survival is something real and a part of most peoples' everyday lives. It wasn't until later, that I decided to travel again. This time on my own. At the age of twenty, fed up with the mundane routine of my life, I decided to take some time off school and head south. From my home in Colorado I traveled to Belize, Guatemala, and El Salvador. I was interested in environmental science, ecology, and societies different from my own and this area of the world beaconed me. I fell in love with the culture, the people, fellow travelers and the Spanish language. I spent just a few months down there, but I left with a promise to return. After just a couple years I graduated with a degree from Colorado State University, and I fulfilled that promise. It's now been over three years of traveling and I am still living the transient life, as a writer, traveler, and outdoor guide. Where will I be going next? The concept of Tramp-N-Trekker is simple, its a blog about the intersect between outdoor enthusiasm and a loose footing lifestyle. Covering a wide range of topics like the cost of living abroad, backpacking meals, gear reviews, travel tips, musings from the vagabond lifestyle and my personal thoughts on all related matters. This is meant to be for anyone who wants to travel, regardless of location or duration. It is meant to inspire people to travel while offering the tips and tricks I've acquired from doing so myself. During my travels I will be backpacking into the mountains, forests and jungles of the world. Exploring iconic cities and small villages alike. Meeting new people, and doing whatever else comes my way."	
"2019-04-22T06:41:12Z"	
"https://www.trampntrekker.com/about.html"
"A PROCEDURE assessed by NICE (National Institute for Health and Care Excellence) and used in research led by the University of Birmingham has been hailed as an exciting development in increasing the number of livers which can be safely used for transplantation. Liver transplantation is a highly successful treatment for end-stage liver disease, which kills 11,000 people a year in England. Deaths from liver disease have soared by 25 per cent in a decade and continue to rise, while the average age of death from liver disease (currently 50-59 years) continues to decrease. Today NICE has issued final guidance which recommends the procedure — ex-vivo machine perfusion for extracorporeal preservation of livers for transplantation — is used under special arrangements as more data is gathered into its efficacy. NICE’s independent advisory committee did not identify any major safety concerns. NHS England and commissioners will decide whether they fund the procedure. However research is already taking place at centres around the UK including studies by experts from the University of Birmingham’s Centre for Liver and Gastrointestinal Research in the Institute of Immunology and Immunotherapy, University Hospitals Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust’s Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham, and the National Institute for Health Research (NIHR) Birmingham Biomedical Research Centre. University of Birmingham Honorary Professor Darius Mirza, Consultant Transplant Surgeon at University Hospitals Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust, said: “In the 30 years I’ve been involved with transplantation there have been three or four events which have been game changers and I’m absolutely certain we are looking at a game changer that will change the way we practice organ storage and transplantation. Sue Bennett, 45, a mother of three from Ranton in Staffordshire, had a liver transplant using this new technique in 2015. She said: “I signed up for the trial not knowing I would be one of the first to have this procedure in the country. Before my transplant I was very ill. I was losing weight, I couldn’t sleep and my quality of life was quite low. “Having a transplant has changed my life. I‘ve joined the gym, got fit and gone back to work and did some voluntary work for the Staffordshire Search and Rescue team and I also compete nationally and internationally in the Transplant Games as a member of the Team GB transplant team. John Forsythe, associate medical director at NHS Blood and Transplant, said: “There has been a huge amount of research in the area of preservation and perfusion methods that allow us to both assess precious donor organs and to enhance their function. This could potentially mean the organ works better and improve transplant outcomes. “Many of the lead researchers in the area of transplant preservation and perfusion techniques are in UK and it is good to see UK researchers continue to be at the forefront in this field. Vanessa Hebditch, director of policy at the British Liver Trust said, “Every year hundreds of people with advanced liver disease die whilst waiting for a transplant. “This new device offers real hope as it may improve transplant outcomes and allow livers that were previously thought to be unsuitable to be used and also increase the time that livers are able to be kept. For the financial year ending 31 March 2018, there were 1,043 liver transplants in the UK and 359 patients on the UK active transplant list, according to NHS Blood and Transplant. The number of patients on the active transplant list reached a ten year high in 2015 when 611 patients were on the waiting list. However the large drop attributed to the 2018 figure may be due to the introduction of the National Liver Offering Scheme (NLOS) in March 2018."	
"2019-04-20T01:16:59Z"	
"https://www.tamworthinformed.co.uk/perfusion-machine/"
"Vayam Technologies Ltd. has successfully executed Uttar Pradesh Common Services Centre project under National eGovernance Plan across Uttar Pradesh. In 2010, Govt. of Uttar Pradesh and Vayam came together to establish Internet powered service delivery centres at gram panchayat level with a vision to provide access to internet and tech-enabled services to its residents. We established over 6400 centres in 30 districts under three defined zones; Agra, Bareilly and Faizabad in the first phase of the project. After the successful execution of the first phase, the Government of UP awarded Vayam with 20 districts in the second phase. Today the project spreads over 20 Districts of UP namely, Agra, Aligarh, Ambedkar Nagr, Amethi, Bahraich, Ballia, Bareilly, Budaun, Bulandshahr, Etah, Faizabad, Firozabad, Gautam Budh Nagar, Ghaziabad, Mathura, Mau, Meerut, Pilibhit, Shahjahanpur and Sultanpur. With more than 16000 operational centres, Vayam hopes to continue facilitating the people of UP with government and commercial services right in their neighborhood. The successful completion of this project was possible because of the tireless effort and 24x7 support of the HO Team and Field Team working under able supervision."	
"2019-04-22T02:53:58Z"	
"https://intranet.vayamtech.com/Content/Upcsc/index.html"
"Free Download Mp3 & Mp4 2 lines sad urdu poetry|2 line shayari|Asim malangi|||2 line sad shayari|. This Sites just for review. Buy original cassettes and CDs, or download the original song in Itunes, to support your favorite musicians. Tags : Unduh Lagu 2 lines sad urdu poetry|2 line shayari|Asim malangi|||2 line sad shayari| free download mp3, download lagu mp3, download lagu barat, lagu hip hop, download lagu planetlagu, download, metro-lagu, waptrick, uyeshare, 4shared, stafaband, lagubaru, archieve, gudanglaguaz, mp3skull, download mp3juices, download lagu gratis, download lagu terbaru, lagu pop, kpop, mp3 gratis, jalan tikus, download lagu gratis, download lagu via vallene, download lagu planetlagu, waptrick download lagu mp3, download lagu 4share mp3, free download songs."	
"2019-04-22T00:30:45Z"	
"http://sesamoymenta.info/download/latest-shakir-shuja-abadi-poetry-terbaru.html"
"Born 1952; Education: Elmira College, B.A.; attended School of Visual Arts, and New School for Social Research. Offıce—375 South End Ave., #12T, New York, NY 10280. Writer and illustrator. Dial Press, New York, NY, worked as a design assistant and secretary for two years; owner of freelance illustration business, 1980—. Lawrence Weinberg, What Is This For?, Little Simon (New York, NY), 1982. Lawrence Weinberg, The ABC's, Little Simon (New York, NY), 1982. The City Mouse and the Country Mouse, Grosset & Dunlap (New York, NY), 1985. The Night before Christmas, Ideals Publishing (Nashville, TN), 1988. Lyn Sandow, My First Tool Books, Warner (New York, NY), 1988. Stephanie St. Pierre, Mystery in the Woods, Marvel (New York, NY), 1988. Sharon Gordon, Home for a Puppy, Troll (Mahwah, NJ), 1988. Joanne Barkan, My First Kitchen Gadget Books, six volumes, Warner (New York, NY), 1989. What a Teddy Bear Needs, Ladybird Books (London, England), 1989. Joanne Barkan, My First Garden Tools, three volumes, Warner (New York, NY), 1990. The Gift of the Magi, Ideals Publishing (Nashville, TN), 1990. Very Scary Halloween, Scholastic (New York, NY), 1991. The First Noel, Ideals Publishing (Nashville, TN), 1992. Lucille Recht Penner, The Tea Party Book, Random House (New York, NY), 1993. An Old-Fashioned Thanksgiving (based on a story by Louisa May Alcott), Ideals Publishing (Nashville, TN), 1993. Lorraine J. Hopping, Wild Weather: Tornadoes!, Scholastic (New York, NY), 1994. Lorraine J. Hopping, Wild Weather: Hurricanes! Scholastic (New York, NY), 1994. Beatrix Potter, The Tale of Peter Rabbit, retold by Maida Silver, Western Publishing (Racine, WI), 1995. Lost Little Bunny, Scholastic (New York, NY), 1995. Tooth Fairy Magic, Scholastic (New York, NY), 1995. (With Renée Graef) Winter on the Farm (based on a story by Laura Ingalls Wilder), HarperCollins (New York, NY), 1996. County Fair (based on a story by Laura Ingalls Wilder), HarperCollins (New York, NY), 1997. Lucille Recht Penner, The Teddy Bear Book, Random House (New York, NY), 1997. Lorraine Jean Hopping, Wild Weather: Blizzards!, Scholastic (New York, NY), 1998. A Farmer Boy Birthday (based on a story by Laura Ingalls Wilder), HarperCollins (New York, NY), 1998. A Farmer Boy Christmas (based on a story by Laura Ingalls Wilder), HarperCollins (New York, NY), 1999. Lorraine Jean Hopping, Wild Weather: Lightning!, Scholastic (New York, NY), 1999. Lorraine Jean Hopping, Wild Earth: Avalanche!, Scholastic (New York, NY), 2000. Lorraine Jean Hopping, Wild Weather: Floods!, Scholastic (New York, NY), 2000. Lorraine Jean Hopping, Wild Earth: Volcanoes!, Scholastic (New York, NY), 2001. Lorraine Jean Hopping, Wild Earth: Earthquake!, Scholastic (New York, NY), 2002. Jean Syswerda, My Sleep-Tight Bible Stories, Zonderkidz (Grand Rapids, MI), 2002. Also illustrator of The Very Scary Jack o' Lantern, Scholastic (New York, NY). Illustrator for educational texts and magazines. Rosemary Wells, The School Play, Hyperion (New York, NY), 2001. Rosemary Wells, Mama, Don't Go!, Hyperion (New York, NY), 2001. Rosemary Wells, Read Me a Story, Hyperion (New York, NY), 2001. Rosemary Wells, Timothy's Tales from Hilltop School, Viking (New York, NY), 2002. Rosemary Wells, Make New Friends, Hyperion (New York, NY), 2002. Rosemary Wells, Practice Makes Perfect, Hyperion (New York, NY), 2002. Rosemary Wells, The Germ Busters, Hyperion (New York, NY), 2002. Rosemary Wells, Bubble-Gum Radar, Hyperion (New York, NY), 2002. Rosemary Wells, When I Grow Up, Hyperion (New York, NY), 2003. Children's book illustrator Jody Wheeler has worked on a variety of books, from nonfiction titles for middle readers to fiction titles for young readers. Focusing on extreme conditions, Wheeler has illustrated more than a half a dozen weather-related titles written by Lorraine Jean Hopping. Included in the series are Wild Weather: Blizzards, which combines historical incidents involving blizzards with facts about these massive storms and descriptions of the job of a meteorologist. Wild Weather: Lightning! includes facts about the study of lightning and its potential deadly consequences, with many maps and illustrations. Booklist's Ilene Cooper called the watercolor artwork in Wild Weather: Blizzards "effective." Wheeler has also teamed up with author Rosemary Wells to produce a series of books for preschoolers, with Wheeler providing the interior artwork. In Read Me a Story, little kitten Yoko knows how to read but does not tell her mother for fear that she will stop reading to her. Yoko's ability comes from a decoder ring she sent for. Finding out about Yoko's talent, the mother assures the kitten that she will keep reading to her, and, in fact, allows Yoko to read to her. School Library Journal critic Anne Knickerbocker said of Wheeler's artwork, "Each page sports a bright, color illustration that will aid beginning readers in decoding the text." Wheeler once told SATA: "I developed a greater than average interest in children's books at an early age, having been influenced and encouraged by my great-aunt Opal Wheeler, a prolific writer of books for young readers in the 1950s. After being trained as a fine artist and art educator, I moved to Manhattan in 1977, and eventually turned to the field of publishing. I worked as a design assistant/secretary at Dial Press in the juvenile books division for two years before establishing my own freelance illustration business in 1980. Since then, I have enjoyed working on a variety of projects ranging from picture books to educational texts and magazines, greeting cards to coloring books." Booklist, May 15, 1999, Ilene Cooper, review of Wild Weather: Blizzards!, p. 1705."	
"2019-04-25T15:46:40Z"	
"https://biography.jrank.org/pages/199/Wheeler-Jody-1952.html"
"Cluster comprises IBM's Opteron-based eServer 325 server and systems management software and storage devices that can run Linux and Windows operating systems. IBM on Tuesday announced a prepackaged and pretested cluster that is powered by Advanced Micro Devices Inc.s 64-bit Opteron processor. IBM, of Armonk, N.Y., is combining its Opteron-based eServer 325 server—which targets scientific and technical computing users—with systems management software and storage devices to offer a bundled package that can run Linux and Windows operating systems. The new offering, which will be available later this month or in early December, is part of IBMs eServer Cluster 1350, which also includes bundles based on the companys BladeCenter blade servers and two-processor x335 and x345 systems using Intel Corp.s 32-bit Xeon chips. Clusters comprise multiple servers tied together to create a supercomputing environment for users. In a related move, IBM last week announced that it was teaming with Corning Inc., the U.S. Department of Energy and the National Nuclear Security Administration to develop high-speed, optically switched interconnects for supercomputers. The $20 million, two-and-a-half-year project is aimed at increasing network bandwidth by 50 times while at the same time cutting the costs of supercomputers. IBMs 325 systems, powered by 2GHz Opterons, give users a chance to run both their 32-bit and 64-bit applications on a single platform, which is important for mixed-use environments, said David Turek, vice president of IBMs Deep Computing unit. "For many of these users, who have been left with a stark choice—you either run 32-bit or 64-bit—Opteron is an interesting bridge between the two," Turek said. "Its an attractive proposition." AMD, of Sunnyvale, Calif., has pushed Opterons ability to run 32-bit applications as well as it does 64-bit applications as a key differentiator between it and Intels Itanium architecture. The 64-bit Itanium chip maintains a limited amount of backward compatibility, which means that it does not run the 32-bit applications as well as it does the 64-bit software. With the latest Itanium 2 released this summer, officials with Intel, of Santa Clara, Calif., were promoting the companys IA-32 Execution Layer, designed to bridge that performance gap. Intel, which has pushed Xeon-based systems for 32-bit applications and Itanium for 64-bit computing, views the execution layer as a way of helping customers who want to move to 64-bit computing but still have older 32-bit applications running. On Monday, Intel officials said that a software update from Microsoft Corp. that includes the execution layer for Windows applications has been delayed until the second half of next year. However, they said that Linux vendors, including Red Hat Inc. and SuSE Linux AG, both are incorporating the execution layer code in their offerings. /zimages/3/28571.gifRead "MS Delay Hinders Itanium Software Upgrade." Gordon Haff, an analyst with Illuminata Inc., said Opterons adoption path is mirroring that of the older Itanium technology. "Theres a lot of interest in Opteron in [the high-performance computing space]; its nearly exclusively in HPC," said Haff, in Nashua, N.H. "Its a good performing chip, and thats pretty much what HPC [customers are] looking for." While backward compatibility with 32-bit applications may make Opteron more attractive in the commercial space, HPC users are more interested in performance, he said. Turek agreed. "The Intel name carries a lot of weight in the industry," he said. That said, HPC and technical computing customers tend to be among the early adopters of new technology. "Theyre searching for the best technology without so much regard for the brand," he said. The Opteron cluster offering includes IBM Cluster Management Software, which aims to avoid problems and speed up the resolution of problems that do occur by automating repetitive tasks and error detection. Also included in the cluster package is a new Linux Cluster Install Tool, which automates much of the installation work, IBM officials said. In the supercomputing interconnect project, Cornings Science & Technology Division, in Corning, N.Y., will create a prototype for an optically switched interconnect. IBM Research Labs in the United States and Switzerland will build the systems electronic control and monitoring circuitry."	
"2019-04-19T18:35:24Z"	
"https://www.eweek.com/networking/ibm-takes-wraps-off-opteron-based-cluster"
"Follow the pace of one of the most popular extreme sports in the world. Featuring fast animation and 3D elements provide the flesh and blood of the video and double the feelings of intense ride. With incredible sound and visual effects the Extreme Ride Logo Reveal leads you to your destination and reveals your logo. Suits perfect to promote your car logo, energetic racing event, to announce an extreme sport competition or simply showcase an animation that requires sine speed. Define your ride and move forward! It’s free as ever!"	
"2019-04-18T13:11:21Z"	
"https://www.renderforest.com/fr/template/extreme-ride-logo-reveal"
"After we left Zihuatenajo, needed fuel and water so we took a left turn in to Acapulco Bay. The Yacht Club is on the wind protected left side of the big bay, the rest of the shoreline looks like Miami, or Ft. Lauderdale, or Puerto Vallarta. Our first impression was to get what we needed and get out. It was crowded boats on the hook, mooring balls, and a lot of crap tied around the area. We found the marina and fuel docks, met with the management of the thing to get permission to buy some fuel and did just that. They didn’t even have any potable (drinking) water at the dock. (so they said). Turns out it is harder than you would think to find potable water from a hose. Normally, there is drinking water accessible via a water hose just like you have attached to your house. There isn’t a fee for the water since you are purchasing fuel. But we found that once we left Puerto Vallarta, we couldn’t find water until we were so far south that we were almost to Guatamala. The snooty factor in Acapulco is about a 9 on the 10 point snooty scale. Didn’t even drag a camera out. Acapulco helds no interest for us…so goodbye Acapulco."	
"2019-04-18T15:24:06Z"	
"http://gonebambu.com/?p=174"
"Kalanchoe is an eye-catching succulent, displaying large heads of bright orange flowers during the winter. Ideal for basket or pot, the Kalanchoe thrives outdoors in a sheltered position, protected from frost. Alternatively, bring the cheerful colour indoors and choose a warm, brightly lit spot. Don’t over water; allow plant to dry out a little between watering. Ideal for containers and sunny, hot spots in the garden. These plants have been selected and grown in W.A. to suit local conditions and for their outstanding water wise feature. Handle with CARE. Plants are not suitable for human or animal consumption."	
"2019-04-23T14:44:04Z"	
"https://www.wacactusucculent.com.au/products/succulents/kalanchoe-orange-bells/"
"I was searching for Tahoe City Properties and have a question. Thank you. I'd like to request a showing for 1380 SEQUOIA AVENUE, TAHOE CITY CA. Thank you."	
"2019-04-21T14:49:47Z"	
"http://www.dlconnect.biz/real_estate/ca/tahoe_city/"
"How Important is the Right Architect? Architects shape our communities and our world, giving each country, region and neighborhood its own unique identity. Today builders and investors rely on experienced, talented architects to make their projects engaging, functional, attractive, and in short, successful. GMS Architectural Group knows that successful design involves more than a "new look," the key to success in architecture is innovation. GMS Architectural Group is dedicated to an innovative approach in service, concept, details, production and construction to bring you quality design that sells. We specialize in custom, builder-spec and high-density attached and detached single family home designs. From lot selection to interior design, we can assist you with all areas of home design. GMS' multi-family homes are the award winning recognition of our housing design strengths. We incorporate many of the single family design principles, space planning, and technology into our higher density homes. Our innovative and creative talents are best on display with our collection of Clubhouses/ Recreation Buildings and Sales Centers. It is where the heart of our housing communities start their unique character and charm. The Art and Architecture of our firm's housing designs are put into a living canvas of community landscapes. We have created many notable neighborhoods by integrating our new and original housing designs."	
"2019-04-21T06:45:50Z"	
"http://gmsarch.com/"
"Belying expectations, Prasar Bharti has earned only Rs 58.19 crore (Rs 581.9 million) as revenue during the Commonwealth Games last month. The gross revenue earned by PB on account of telecasting/broadcasting of advertisements on Doordarshan channel and All India Radio during coverage of the Commonwealth Games is Rs 58.17 crore, Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting S Jagathrakshakan informed the Lok Sabha on Tuesday. While AIR earned Rs 2.18 crore (Rs 21.8 million), Doordarshan garnered Rs 55.99 crore (Rs 559.9 million) as revenue, he said. Prasar Bharati had earlier said it knew in advance that the recently concluded Commonwealth Games, for which Doordarshan was the official broadcaster, would not bring in huge advertising revenues. as a result of luke warm response from advertisers. Notably, DD was not allowed to air advertisements during the closing ceremony of the CWG Games following complaints that the opening ceremony had been shown deferred live to accommodate advertisements. After a successful opening ceremony, DD had hiked ad spot rates for the closing ceremony to Rs 2.5 lakh for a ten second spot as compared with Rs 90,000 for the same in the opening of the CWG."	
"2019-04-20T00:13:19Z"	
"https://www.rediff.com/money/report/cwg-prasar-bharti-earns/20101109.htm"
"Marketers are employed in the public sector as well as the private sector. Most people think of marketing as a strictly private sector activity, but the reality is people with sales and marketing backgrounds are hired by government agencies in a number of capacities. Government agencies at the local, state and federal level all employ marketing professionals in areas including, but not limited to, public relations, property disposal, bond sales and purchasing. Almost all major government agencies have their own public-relations staff, and in many cases it is a stand-alone department with a public relations or media director and several support staff. Government agency PR departments are responsible for producing news releases, holding press conferences, and generally promoting activities of the agency, such as tourism or encouraging new businesses to move into the area. Government agencies are constantly buying supplies, equipment and other property and selling off old equipment and property. The departments tasked with disposing of this government property often hire individuals with a background in marketing. Their job is to assist the agency in coming up with creative ways to sell or otherwise dispose of obsolete government property. Most government agencies have to follow complicated regulations for purchasing supplies and equipment. In many cases, agencies can only buy from certain suppliers or can only buy goods within specific price ranges. Agencies often hire purchasing agents with marketing backgrounds to help them manage their purchases, including setting criteria for suppliers and establishing price ranges. Government purchasing agents must be very familiar with current purchasing regulations at their agency. Local, state and federal agencies sometimes sell bonds to finance capital improvement projects in their jurisdictions. These agencies hire bond and securities marketing specialists to prepare bond prospectuses for investors, which detail the terms of the bond, and to organize marketing campaigns to sell the bonds. Bond marketing specialists also typically manage media relations for bond campaigns. Browne, Clayton. "Are There Marketing Jobs in the Government?" Work - Chron.com, http://work.chron.com/there-marketing-jobs-government-22921.html. Accessed 24 April 2019. What Is the Role of the Owner of the Supermarket? What Does a Beer Rep Do?"	
"2019-04-24T11:50:54Z"	
"https://work.chron.com/there-marketing-jobs-government-22921.html"
"hey. I can not start any programs because of the error "Access denied" (see photo). What can I do? To fix this it needs to implement a few permissions to wine and it should be installed to external storage. Temporary - until the next wine will be published - it can be done using some apk-editor/modification-utility through adding those permissions manually to the manifest. Also create some new folder on /storage/emulated/0/Android/data/. Call this folder "org.winehq.wine" and add in there another folder like "drive_z". Use a sophisticated file-manager to connect the wine-app with the "org.winehq.wine"-folder and create the connection to drive_z, i.e. "Z:\" through wineconfig. 4. permission to mount/unmount filesystems. Good Morning. I have the same problem. It says "Access Denied" every time I want to execute an .exe file. I am a root user and I have tried to modify the permissions with applications like "total commander" but I did not succeed. I thank you for helping us. Excuse my English, I'm from Argentina, I speak Spanish. Can you be a little clearer? I do not understand why I do not handle my English very well. Thank you! Hello, I am new to this forum. I've been able to modify the app manifest to install on the sd card, grant read/write permission, and mount/unmount file systems. I couldn't quite find the other permissions that were suggested. Also, do you mind elaborating on how to do this? Or which app could be used to do so? Thanks! But it finally makes sense now. "Access denied" must come up whenever trying to run a program that isn't compiled for ARM. I was able to copy and paste the wine iexplorer.exe file into my phone's Download folder, and it ran fine from there. Now the hard part is finding .exe files that will actually work on a snapdragon SoC."	
"2019-04-18T14:21:53Z"	
"https://forum.winehq.org/viewtopic.php?f=12&t=31929&p=120894"
"Los Shapis – Volverás Mi NiñoSubscribe now!! http://www.dailymotion.com/GuapachandoThe Youtube channel entirely dedicated to Latin and South Amrican music.Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Mambo, Cha Cha Cha and all the south american artists in one great channel!!!"	
"2019-04-23T03:06:35Z"	
"https://musique.orange.fr/videos/all/los-shapis-volveras-mi-nino-VID00000025L2l.html"
"Too much? That's good because we were almost out of card puns for this one. Regardless of the terrible puns, we stand by what we said about fitting in but also being an individual and all that jazz. Which is exactly why we think a playing card its the perfect representational costume of the dichotomy of individualism vs. collectivist natures... and also we really like cards. Throwing them at things, building card castles with them, and playing games with them. Perhaps you have a kid like this. What? No, not a kid posing rhetorical questions about individualism, a kid who likes cards. If you do have a kid like this, well then we have the perfect outfit for them. Our Kids Ace of Clubs Costume has a white, foam-backed sleeveless tunic designed to look like the ace of clubs. Attached is a black velvet hood and cowl collar, shaped to look like a club, with a zipper up the back. The neck of the hood has elastic around the front edge for a snug fit around the face, and it comes with black velvet mitts with wide cuffs and elastic at the wrists. Your kid will look fancy enough to be invited to royal croquet parties in the garden. Ooh! You could say your kid will be "on deck" in this outfit!... Wait, we can do better than that. This fun outfit will have your kid ready to shuffle!... Alright, we're done now. Promise."	
"2019-04-26T14:03:37Z"	
"https://www.fun.com/ace-of-clubs-kids-costume.html"
"Friends, I have some pretty exciting news. I’ve been nominated me for a Liebster blogging award. This is an award that’s given to new bloggers as a way to recognize & encourage them in their work. Ayanna over at 21 Flavors of Splendor has nominated me for this award, and I couldn’t be more grateful. I’ve been following Ayanna, pretty much since I started blogging. She’s always been encouraging and this nomination is just further proof of that. Head over to check out her blog, oh and her Instagram is one full of encouragement and fun peaks into her everyday! Another blog that I really love is Rachael’s over at Oh Lord Help Us. This is a woman sharing her faith and sharing her resources. It’s clear from the moment you enter the world of her blog, she’s looking to be real, have real conversation, and share her real learning. In addition to her blog, she’s also making some pretty sweet jewelry pieces. And as if that weren’t enough, she’s donating the proceeds from sales to invest back in her ministry to share Gods truth with woman of faith to know who they were created to be. This is a ministry and blog that will encourage women to live to their full potential as strong and fierce daughters of God. Check her out over at her blog, Instagram or any of her social media accounts. She’s always dishing out some encouragement. The rules of this nomination encourage each blogger to share some randomness about ourselves. This is such a fun way to get to know each other a little better. So here we go! I often make myself giggle. I’m the funniest person I know. Kidding..a little! I’ve watched “The Office” and embarrassing number of times, I could probably quote the entire series. My family and I speak fluent movie quotes…it keeps things interesting! I typically eat all the snacks after my kids are asleep, then claim to have no idea what happened to them. NO SELF CONTROL! Some more encouraged fun is answering questions from the person who nominated you, and posing 10 of your own for your nominations to answer on their website. Ayanna asked some really good ones, check them out below. I started blogging as a creative outlet. At first, I was into the thrill of learning the in’s and out’s of the process. Then I realized, I had a voice, actual things to say that could help others. This is why I continue to blog. The name of my website perfectly describes the main themes of my life. We’re a family totally dependent of God’s grace to make it through the struggles of everyday life. Giggling is how we keep sane! Italy, definitely Italy! Or maybe Main, I hear they have the most amazing Autumn seasons. What is your favorite fiction book? Is it bad that I don’t have one? I’m not much of a reader. Lately my reading is mostly of other’s blogs. I’ve been learning so much from my blogging buddies, and have gained new perspectives. New friends! Admittedly, I’m not a social media person at all. In fact before my blog, I had almost no presence on any of it. Since I started blogging, I’ve made many friends all around the globe and have joined in prayer, joys, and sorrows with them. If you could meet any person, who is still alive, who would it be and why? I had to really think about this one, but here’s who I came up with…ANY MISSIONARY. I know that God has me tethered to my current place, so I often look in amazement at folks who are picking up and moving out all in an effort to further the Kingdom of heaven and help as many people as possible. It’s a pretty interesting calling and life to lead. Coffee & my Bible. I know that’s two things, but it measures up to one good morning. If you could eat one food every day and not worry about the calories, what would it be? Ice cream, with tons of stuff in it. I love stuff, any stuff, in my ice cream! What do you see happening on your blog in year 5? I’ve started praying for God to use my website as a way to lift others, and to connect a body of of like minded people to encourage each other and share life stories. I’m letting God lead me at this point, I’m willing to turn in any direction He leads me to. What’s your favorite activity (outside of blogging, of course!)? What’s the one T.V. show that you hope(d) never goes (went) off the air? If you were to start a charity, who would it benefit? Are you a morning person? If so, please help me with some tips! What’s one piece of advice you can give to new bloggers? What’s you favorite social media platform? What are some goals you have for your website? Ladies, I’m so excited to read all the answers to these questions! Have fun with your answers. Thank you again to Ayanna, who gave me this opportunity to not only share more about myself, but to keep this recognition train rolling. Thank the person who nominated you, and post a link to their blog on your blog. Display the award on your blog — by including it in your post, or by having it as the feature image. Write a 150-300 word post about your favorite blog that is not your own. Explain why you like the blog, provide links. Provide 10 random facts about yourself. Answer the questions from your nominator. Nominate 5 – 11 blogs that you feel deserve the award, who have less than 200 followers. Ask your nominees questions of your own. Jesus really is the reason-Sorry Santa! Welcome to this space on the world wide web I’ve carved out for faith, family, food & funnies. Here I’m sharing all the things that bring me joy. I didn’t always know God, but this much I do know, He’s always been with me. I’m so sure that God intended for us to share with each other for the sake of community & encouragement. So for that reason, I’m laying out for you all that I’m learning. Oh, and I have the privilege of bringing you the testimonies of some serious God loving women! Feel free to jump in, leave comments & share along with us. (c) 2016 - All Rights Reserved."	
"2019-04-19T04:17:27Z"	
"http://www.withgigglesandgrace.com/first-award-recognition-liebster-award/"
"Installed correctly including ASPI file. Will not work at all. It says BadCdD Repair can't access data! No kidding, neither can I. That's what this is supposed to do, fix corrupted files from CD's. Don't bother with this one!"	
"2019-04-25T11:53:09Z"	
"http://audio.newfreeware.com/audio/1552/comments/"
"Take a listen to this podcast about how ancient Cambodian dance continues to embolden youths in Lowell, Massachusetts. Anita Walker, Executive Director of Mass Cultural Council, speaks with Linda Sopheap Sou. Linda’s parents moved to Lowell in 1981 as Cambodian Refugees. Her father, Tim Thou, is co-founder of Angkor Dance Troupe. Linda danced with the troupe for 25 years and spent several years as the dance troupe’s executive director. She currently works at Lowell Community Health Center."	
"2019-04-18T17:23:11Z"	
"http://blog.massfolkarts.org/index.php/2017/08/angkor-dance-troupes-impact/?share=google-plus-1"
"The Fox6 is a multirotor drone surveyor with 6 carbon blades. Its solid structure and in-flight stability allows its use on a wide variety of sites. Fully automatic, the Fox6 can carry out photogrammetry missions of up to 1.5 km². It is the perfect tool for large scale mapping missions as well as for static work and volume measurements. Thanks to its HD sensor and compatibility with DroneBox RTK, the Fox6 provides high precision for georeferenced photo collages, orthophotos, point clouds and DTMs / DSMs. Reliability : With 6 carbon blades and brushless motors, Fox6 has motor fault tolerance in all circumstances. Fully automatic, it is the ideal tool for difficult missions requiring power and stability. Versatility : With its folding arms and legs and removable blades, the Fox6 is compact and easy to transport. With a maximum load of up to 1 kg, it can carry a variety of sensors and perform any type of mission. Data accuracy : Thanks to DroneBox RTK and a 24 megapixel HD sensor for photogrammetry missions, each photo may be georeferenced with precision a high density acquisition of several million points may be achieved."	
"2019-04-25T04:39:38Z"	
"http://www.directindustry.com/prod/heliceo/product-182307-1800157.html"
"Our 2007 Volvo XC90 Angled Ski Holder ships directly from an authorized Volvo dealer. Since 2000 we have offered secure online ordering and fast affordable shipping. All our genuine Volvo parts and Volvo accessories are backed by Volvo's warranty, which is covered by any Volvo dealer in the US. Exactly like your local dealer only lower prices and shipped directly to your door. If you have questions about Volvo accessories or Volvo performance parts or need assistance, please don't hesitate to contact our friendly Volvo parts and accessories experts online."	
"2019-04-24T04:30:35Z"	
"http://volvocarspartspeople.com/product/XC90/2007/Travel/Angled%20Ski%20Holder"
"Stress, anxiety, inner emptiness, lack of focus, need to emotionally self-regulate yourself. By using this unique method which teaches you to calmly and consciously explore within yourself so you can then interact with the world in a loving and transformed way. Developing the ability to choose where you want to focus your attention and self-regulate your emotions. Being able to feel the full spectrum of emotions, without identifying with them. If you prefer to have private or individual classes…. Would you like to receive a class online?"	
"2019-04-22T18:04:46Z"	
"https://inneris.es/en/adult-classes/"
"TNEA Rank list 2013: Tamil Nadu Engineering Admission (TNEA 2013) was conducted by Anna University Chennai for the admission to Anna University affiliated engineering colleges and university departments - government, government aided and private self financing colleges for the academic year 2013 – 2014. For the Anna University engineering counseling rank list has been announced on June 12, 2013. Candidates will be called for counseling based on the TNEA engineering rank list 2013. Thus everyone are very keen for publication of tnea rank list 2013. How Anna university Rank list 2013 is formed? TNEA Sports quota counseling will be conducted based on the tnea sports quota rank list 2013. TNEA counseling for Ex servicemen quota, etc will be conducted along with single window counseling 2013 (General counseling 2013). Seats under Ex servicemen quota can be chosen by candidates based on TNEA reservation rank list. You can get your Anna university admission rank list 2013 in the below link. Get your Anna university be rank list 2013 by entering your application number."	
"2019-04-23T12:24:04Z"	
"http://www.results.examsavvy.com/2013/06/tnea-rank-list-2013-anna-university.html"
"Shri Lal Mahal is one of the best manufacturer, exporter and supplier of empire basmati rice in Delhi, India. We provide world class best quality rice. Another advantage of Empire Basmati Rice is that its consumption is not restricted in people with certain medical conditions, unlike other potential vehicles such as sugar (restricted in people with diabetes) and fish sauce, fish paste, and salt (restricted in people with renal disorders and hypertension). As it contains minimal, rather negligible sugar, it is fit and healthy to be consumed by all age groups. Since it is easily digestible, even after consuming this rice you still feel light and yet energetic. Empire Rice will work with you for every meal you plan. From simple and delicious dishes to sweet puddings, the possibilities are endless !!"	
"2019-04-23T12:25:26Z"	
"https://wholesale.khanapakana.com/groceries/rice/3-bags-of-shrilalmahal-empire-basmati-rice-10-lb/"
"Ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory disease that over time can cause vertebral fusion in the spine. This fusion makes the spine less flexible and can lead to a curved posture forward. When the ribs are touched, it can be difficult to breathe deeply. Ankylosing spondylitis affects men more than women. Signs and symptoms usually begin in early adulthood. Inflammation can also occur in other parts of the body, most often in the eyes. Ankylosing spondylitis cannot be cured, but treatments can reduce their symptoms and possibly delay the progression of the disease. It is a type of arthritis which especially affects the spine. Mostly men at their teen age get attack by this disease. Its actual causing reason is still unknown. But it is hypothesized that some genes like HLA-B27 may be responsible for developing this disease."	
"2019-04-22T04:19:01Z"	
"https://www.marham.pk/all-diseases/ankylosing-spondylitis/pakistan?feeRange=1000-2000&gender=female"
"Anonymous. 2019. Vanellus duvaucelii (Lesson, 1826) – River Lapwing. Birds of India Consortium (eds.). Birds of India, v. 1.75. Indian Foundation for Butterflies."	
"2019-04-25T14:31:51Z"	
"https://www.birdsofindia.org/sp/962/Vanellus-duvaucelii"
"Are you looking for specific features in a Palm Beach Gardens, Rainwood Florida home? Customize your Palm Beach Gardens, Rainwood Townhouse MLS ® listings search to narrow your results to homes that fit with your specific needs. Want to learn more about Palm Beach Gardens, Rainwood FL homes? Contact the experts at Lang Realty for help buying or selling Palm Beach Gardens, Rainwood FL homes. For a free consultation, call us at 877.357.0618 or use the contact form below."	
"2019-04-23T02:35:18Z"	
"https://www.langrealty.com/palm-beach-gardens-rainwood.php"
"Select a year for genuine Kia Sportage accessories. We've been providing genuine Kia accessories and parts online at low prices since 2000. Our genuine Kia Sportage accessories are affordably shipped directly from an authorized Kia dealer at discounted prices. Our extensive inventory covers every Kia model and every genuine Kia accessory available from Kia. We offer secure Kia Sportage accessories online ordering and expedient shipping. All our genuine Kia Sportage accessories and Kia Sportage parts are backed by Kia's warranty, which is covered by any Kia dealer in the US. Contact our expert customer service team for help finding any genuine Kia Sportage accessories or performance parts that you don't see in our catalog."	
"2019-04-26T04:45:00Z"	
"http://kiapartspeople.com/product/Sportage"
"Η GMC παρουσιάζει την Nightfall έκδοση του Terrain που θα κάνει ντεμπούτο στην έκθεση της Νέας Υόρκης. Το μοντέλο ξεχωρίζει από την μαύρη γρίλια, τα μαύρα γυαλιστερά διακοσμητικά, τις μαύρες ράγες οροφής και τις μαύρες/αλομινένιες ζάντες 18″. Είναι διαθέσιμο σε τέσσερα εξωτερικά χρώματα (Onyx Black, Crimson Red Metallic, Graphite Gray Metallic και Summit White) και στο εσωτερικό διαθέτει το σύστημα ενημέρωσης και ψυχαγωγίας IntelliLink με οθόνη αφής 7″ και συνδεσιμότητα 4G LTE με Wi-Fi hotspot. Οι πωλήσεις του θα ξεκινήσουν από το φθινόπωρο. The News Ahead of its debut at the New York International Auto Show, GMC today introduced the 2017 GMC Terrain Nightfall Edition – a stylized special edition combining blacked-out exterior details and wheels, with popular technologies such as IntelliLink with available 4G LTE connectivity and Wi-Fi hotspot. It joins the Canyon Nightfall Edition and the all-new Sierra All Terrain X as the latest GMC vehicle to offer an exclusive, personalized appearance with the Terrain’s premium features and refinement. Product Details The Terrain Nightfall offers an edgy appearance with 18-inch machine-faced aluminum wheels and gloss black spokes, a charcoal grill with a gloss black surround and accents, gloss black front and rear fascia accents, gloss black rear license plate surround trim, gloss black outside mirrors and black luggage rails. Terrain Nightfall Edition will be offered on SLE-2 and SLT models with four exterior color options: Summit White, Onyx Black, Graphite Gray Metallic and Crimson Red Metallic. About the Terrain Coming off a record sales year in 2015, the restyled 2016 Terrain is a capable crossover with room for five, premium features and technologies that allow passengers to stay connected wherever the road or trail takes them. It also offers an EPA-estimated 32 mpg highway (FWD models) with the standard 2.4L engine. GMC IntelliLink with a 7-inch-diagonal color touchscreen is standard on the Terrain Nightfall Edition’s SLE-2 and SLT trims, along with available 4G LTE connectivity and Wi-Fi hotspot. The standard, GM MultiFlex rear seat can be moved fore or aft nearly eight inches (200 mm) for increased passenger comfort or more cargo room, including a maximum 63.9 cubic feet (1,810 liters) with the rear seat folded. A programmable power liftgate with a memory-stop function is available. Safety features include six standard air bags and a standard rear-vision camera. Available active safety features include Rear Cross Traffic Alert, Side Blind Zone Alert, Forward Collision Alert, Lane Departure Warning and Rear Park Assist. FAST FACTS • Terrain enjoyed record sales in 2015, with 112,030 deliveries • Terrain is GMC’s second-highest selling vehicle in 2015, behind only Sierra • Nearly half of Terrain customers are new to GMC • About 50 percent of Terrain customers are women – GMC’s highest rate of female buyers."	
"2019-04-22T04:15:20Z"	
"https://www.autoblog.gr/2016/03/21/gmc-terrain-nightfall-edition-2017/"
"Quality First,and Client Supreme is our guideline to deliver the very best assistance to our shoppers.These days, we have been trying our greatest to be amongst the ideal exporters inside our field to fulfill consumers extra will need for Crimp Battery Terminal Connectors , crimp battery terminal connectors , ups battery terminal connectors , our consultant service group in Bulgaria will reply to all of the inquiries and complications immediately. They're going to make their finest effort to meet buyers need. Also we support the delivery of absolutely free samples. Business visits to our business in Bulgaria and factory are generally welcome for a win-win negotiation. Hope to expertise a happy company co-operation perform with you. "Being supported by an advanced and professional IT team, we could offer technical support on pre-sales & after-sales service for Crimp Battery Terminal Connectors , crimp battery terminal connectors , ups battery terminal connectors , We are very responsible for all details on our customers order no matter on warranty quality satisfied prices quick delivery on time communication satisfied packing easy payment terms best shipment terms after sales service etc. We provide one-stop service and best reliability to our every customers. We work hard with our customers colleagues workers to make a better future."	
"2019-04-23T04:34:00Z"	
"https://www.antenk.com/dp-crimp-battery-terminal-connectors.html"
"Mothercare's My First Velour Jacket is an adorable piece, super soft to touch and perfect for layering – a must have for your new baby's first wardrobe. … The super soft feel of the velour fabric. The Mothercare Unisex My First Velour Jacket is a must have piece that you're sure to use again and again. Made with soft velour cotton, this jacket is extra kind to baby's sensitive skin and is sure to keep them snuggly and warm. The versatile white colour makes this jacket ideal for little boys or girls and is a perfect choice for mixing and matching, or for layering on cooler days. Our My First jacket has a full popper front opening, making changing simple. What's more, our poppers are all nickel free to ensure irritation free skin. Made with durability in mind, the Mothercare My First velour jacket is machine washable and tumble dryer safe, making it a super practical piece for any growing wardrobe. Available from Early Baby to 6 months. Take a look at the rest of our My First range to build on your little one's wardrobe."	
"2019-04-20T00:36:45Z"	
"https://www.mothercare.ie/mothercare-unisex-my-first-velour-jacket-6.html"
"Using pine for tank frame • Bearded Dragon . org . Hello. I am currently building a custom tank thats being made out of plywood. I want to make a frame for it and most hardware stores have pine 2x4's. Would that be safe if it were sealed or should we try finding another wood to use? If you seal it it's fine. You should be sealing your ply too. I will definitely be sealing the ply too. Thanks!"	
"2019-04-19T09:41:09Z"	
"https://www.beardeddragon.org/forums/viewtopic.php?f=75&p=1887307"
"After an even enough opening half, after which Monaghan led by three points, 1-5 to 0-5 while playing with the wind, any hopes Kildare had of turning the game around disappeared soon after the restart with Monaghan opening with two quick points and then adding a second goal, when a long ball in was won by Donnacha Swinburne over his marker, he turned and fired to to net to leave it 2-7 to 0-5 with just 36 minutes gone in the second half. Despite the wind rising and the rain lashing down their was little improvement from Kildare while Monaghan kept the score board ticking, without playing particularly well it has to be said, but they simply had too much for a Kildare side that looked more tired as the game went on and at times bereft of ideas. KILDARE: John Ball (Clane); John Lynch (Clane), Conor McGroary (Naas), Jack Himill (Raheens); Sean Englishy (Leixli), Kevin Kelleher (Ballymore Eustace), Daniel Caulfield (Sallins); Liam Broderick (Ballymore Eustace), Marcus Kiely (Two Mile House); Jack Cleary (Naas), Alex Beirne (Naas), Padraig Behan (Kilcullen); Eogan O'Haire (Newtown Gaels), Aaron Kennedy (St Laurence's), Paddy McDermott (Naas). Subs: Nick Jackman (Athy) for Sean Englisby (half time); Sam Reilly (Clane) for Liam Broderick (half time); Muiris Curtin (Rathangan) for Marcus Kiely (54 minutes); SeanHill (Kilcock) for Daniel Caulfield (55 minutes); Drew Costello (Naas) for Jack Cleary (59 minutes); Sam Morrissey (Naas) for Eoghan O'Hehir (63 minutes). MONAGHAN: Ryan Farrelly; Ronan Grimes, Jack Doogan, Shane Hanratty; Christopher Flood, Brendán Óg Ó Dufaigh, Michael Meehan; Jordan McGarrell, Andrew Moore; Aaron Mulligan, Sean Jones, Karl Gallagher; Donnacha Swinburne, Loughlinn Power, Jason Irwin. Subs: Oisín O'Hanlon for Loughlinn Power (55 minutes); Joel Wilson for Jordan McGarrell (58 minutes); Jck McGeown for Ronan Grimes (59 minutes); Robbie Hanratty (63minutes)."	
"2019-04-25T06:45:48Z"	
"https://www.leinsterleader.ie/news/gaelic/326633/head.html"
"If you are on the lookout for cost savings, your first thoughts almost certainly relate to product sales, blowouts, and bargains. The best location to discover coupon codes is via on-line suppliers. Buying items on the web can conserve far more income than purchasing from any other income channel. The following article will present you how. When purchasing on the internet, it is crucial that your spyware and anti-virus computer software is up to date. If your personal computer is infected with something as simple as a keylogger even though producing an on-line purchase, you just handed a stranger your credit rating card number. Shell out focus to the warnings that are provided by your safety software if you see any suspicious exercise, report them to your website’s webmaster. Take your time and see the costs at many on the web stores to see how items examine on all of the internet sites. Unless of course you really have your heart set on a specific brand name, be open up to distinct possibilities. Find the characteristics you are seeking for then, start off evaluating prices. Regularly examine out the on the web stores you purchase from because they likely introduce new items constantly. If you acquire from Amazon usually, consider about Amazon Key. Amazon Key normally expenses for each 12 months, but you get so significantly for that income. This price contains getting cost-free two-day shipping when you purchase anything at all that they have in stock and you get discounts on other types of supply. Also, you get accessibility to a cost-free library of streaming movies. That signifies even more funds saved. Prior to you store from a main retail keep, verify out price reduction on the web retailers and auctions. You may possibly be amazed that you can preserve a substantial amount of cash by purchasing on the internet at locations this kind of as eBay or Amazon. It can mean big financial savings with truly really tiny draw back. Make confident you are okay with their return procedures even though. Every website has diverse insurance policies. You might be most likely just itching to start off shopping on the web for your up coming acquire. This will genuinely assist you lower charges when it comes to buying expenditures. You also will be capable to shop from the ease and comfort of your home. Online shopping is unbeatable in conditions of equally selection and comfort."	
"2019-04-26T04:33:10Z"	
"http://www.oakleyoutlet-sunglasses.net/buying-on-line-suggestions-to-help-you-get-what-you-want/27"
""Main feature has English subtitles. There are 4 bonus features including an alternative ending and all have English subtitles. No other subtitles in any other language. " Story: Joe Wright directs this adventure thriller starring Saoirse Ronan, Cate Blanchett and Eric Bana. Raised deep in the Finnish wilderness by her ex-CIA agent father Erik (Bana), Hanna (Ronan) has been carefully trained throughout her childhood to become the perfect assassin. Now in her teens, she is finally judged by her father to be ready to be sent out on a mission, and she sets out across Europe to carry out her deadly assignment. On her trail is Marissa Wiegler (Blanchett), a ruthless intelligence agent with a few dark secrets of her own."	
"2019-04-20T01:01:28Z"	
"http://dvd-subtitles.com/hanna-d100278.html"
"Trading forum for Slide Motorsport. 200sx / Sr20 specialist in london area? S14 5 stud front hub/bearing/knuckle wanted asap!"	
"2019-04-23T16:00:44Z"	
"https://www.sxoc.com/vbb/forumdisplay.php?23-Traders-Forum&s=51827e30be455422e2aaf2e94e8008ab"
"The enterprising and energetic Franklin Food Elves soon will be canvassing neighborhoods all around Franklin collecting goods during the “12 Days of Donating” campaign to benefit the Franklin Food Pantry. From December 1 to December 12, citizens can donate items in their own neighborhoods or at local participating businesses to help neighbors in need. The Food Elves is a charitable community service group made up of more than 60 students ranging from elementary through high school. For the past two years they have joined forces with the Franklin Downtown Partnership to operate the “12 Days of Donating” campaign with great success. This year the Elves aim to beat last year’s record-breaking collection drive by raising more than $5,700 and 4,200 pounds of goods. According to the Food Pantry, about 600 households are registered to use Pantry services. This year’s need will be even greater due to a decrease in SNAP benefits in November. Health and hygiene items are not covered by those benefits and are a particular need. In early December, Food Elves will notify their neighbors about the collection campaign, including what items can be collected and the collection dates. Residents simply place bags of goods at their mailboxes on the designated pickup day and the Elves will do the rest. Collection dates will be Saturday, December 7, Sunday, December 8, or Saturday, December 14. In case there’s no Elf in your neighborhood, it is still easy to donate. The Elves have placed bright red collection bins at participating Downtown Partnership member businesses. If the Elves meet their goal of collecting more than 1,200 pounds of goods, each business has pledged to donate $200. There will be a donation bin at the Holiday Stroll tree lighting ceremony at Dean College on Thursday, December 5, or you can drop off donations at the Food Pantry, 43 West Central St., and designate them for the “12 Days of Donating” drive. DCU, 500 West Central St. Dean Bank, 21 Main St. Emma’s Quilt Cupboard, 12 Main St. Franklin Downtown Partnership Office, 9 East Central St. Jane’s Frames, 11 East Central St. Murphy Business, 15 East Central St. Pour Richard’s Wine & Spirits, 14 Grove St. Colin and CJ Berg; Gabbie Blood; Malik, Hatim, Suhail and Nasir Brahimi; Julia and Katie Buccella; Cara and Chris Callahan; Sarah Carroll; Austin and Carter Castillo; Avery and Erin Chalk; Allie Champlin; Gillian Cristiano; Karen Cunningham; Jacob and Julia Dextradeur; Ryan Dombroski; Brendan Donaghey; Jamie Dragsbaek; Adam Duval; Kaleigh, Abby, Megan and Maddie Egan; Griffin and John Fenton; Haley Frank; Megan Georges; Alexa Katsaros; Maddie Lacman; Nicolette McCarthy; Kyle Neenan; Connor O’Brian; Cameron Piana; Dylan, Kaitlyn, Lindsey and Sydney Rappa; Ashley and Taylor Reutlinger; Sara Richardson; Aubree, Cassi and Corey Ronan; Abby, Chloe and Cooper Ross; Emily Shea; Jake Signo; Cam and Evan Strouse; Ellie and Katie Teixeira; Ben and Dan Weiss. For more information about the Franklin Food Elves and the “12 Days of Donating” campaign, please contact the Franklin Downtown Partnership at (774)571-3109 or downtown.franklin@yahoo.com. For more information about the Franklin Food Pantry and what items are needed, go to their website, www.franklinfoodpantry.org/, or call (508) 528-3115. To download and print this release click here."	
"2019-04-23T06:26:53Z"	
"https://www.franklindowntownpartnership.org/2013/11/2013-food-elves-press-release.html"
"Editor’s note: The Consulate General of Belgium in Atlanta each month puts out a newsletter recounting its activities across the region and informing its compatriots about vital information from the foreign ministry. Follow the consulate on Facebook. As with each edition, this month’s included a spotlight on Belgian living and working in the consulate’s jurisdiction. Known as “The Belgian in the Picture,” the series aims to show just how deeply impactful the country’s economic and cultural engagement with the South is, despite its small size. The below Q&A is reprinted with permission and has been lightly edited for clarity and style. Belgian Consulate: Paul De Sloover, a veteran Belgian entrepreneur in the U.S., is being spotlighted in this month’s newsletter — appropriated given that his latest venture provides an innovative way to generate power from the sun. Mr. De Sloover, can you tell us more about the solar roof tiles made by Desol Power Tiles? Mr. de Sloover: Solar roof tiles are roof tiles with integrated solar panels. Instead of installing unsightly solar panels on top of an existing roof, with DeSol Power Tiles it is your roof itself that captures the sunlight. The tiles themselves look like regular classic Nordic style roof tiles, and when installed as instructed they form a completely sealed, walkable and hurricane-resistant roof. Belgian Consulate: What are other reasons more people are choosing solar roof tiles rather than solar panels? Mr. de Sloover: An issue a lot of people run into when they consider turning to solar energy, is that most home owners’ associations don’t accept the looks of large solar panels. Because our solar roof tiles don’t affect the aesthetic or architectural appeal of the roof, it removes that hurdle entirely. Belgian Consulate: With 31 years of experience as an entrepreneur in the U.S., what is your favorite aspect of doing business here? Mr. de Sloover: I would have to say the easy access to people and institutions, and the willingness of people to inform and help you in what you want to realize. And, of course, the advantages of the sheer size of the market and having unified regulations in that one big market. That is a definite advantage compared to Europe where every country has different regulations regarding solar roof tiles. Belgian Consulate: What would you tell a budding Belgian entrepreneur dreaming of taking his chances in the U.S.? Mr. de Sloover: Don’t dream, act. America, the United States, is a very open country. Spend time going to business fairs and talking to professional people. Do not assume that what works in Belgium will work in the States. Do your research. Belgian Consulate: How do you see the future of eco-friendly energy in the US? Mr. de Sloover: At this point there are two different schools of thought. Part of the people want to keep everything the way it is, and the other group of people wants renewable energy. Recent polls show that 73 percent of the American population believes in renewable energy. It will take time to get there, because this country, the United States, has an abundance of fossil fuels in its soil. But it also has an abundance of sunshine. So I would say, the future is bright."	
"2019-04-18T12:35:39Z"	
"https://www.globalatlanta.com/qa-rooftop-solar-without-the-panels-a-belgian-entrepreneurs-bright-view-on-the-future-of-renewables/"
"Lease for $78 a month! Apply now. Store, charge, secure, and transport up to 42 iPad or iPad mini devices. This is the Mobility Cart 42 for iPad and iPad mini builds on cart design featured in the Mobility Cart 20 for MacBook, providing individual slots for up to 42 iPad and iPad mini devices."	
"2019-04-25T06:45:19Z"	
"http://www.smalldog.com/product/85647/Bretford+Mobility+Cart+for+42+iPads"
"Camilla is a very gentle cat and she gets on well with both other cats and with dogs. She does not like small children. She's arrived back at the shelter after being in foster care for some time. She does well as an inside cat provided she has access to an outside enclosure attached to the house so she can come and go as she pleases. She would also make a good farm cat but she'd have to be brought inside at night. If you'd like to help with Camillas day to day care by sponsoring her while she awaits her forever home please email Nat at kittycatsnat@gmail.com and she'll be happy to organise a Sponsorship Certificate for you. Thank you."	
"2019-04-22T20:51:04Z"	
"https://www.petrescue.com.au/listings/487192"
"Final Fantasy X introduces a new mini-game called, 'Blitzball'. Blitzball takes place in the water, you have to pass the ball to your teammates through the water dome in order to get closer to the 'adversaries' goalkeeper and then be able to score a goal. Unlike many other sports games (and like Squaresoft games) instead of playing in "live action" you have to choose commands for each movement you will do. Each team has 6 players. Each one of your teammates (which are NOT the main party members of FFX) has his own statistics, and depending on them and in your strategy, you will be able to win tournaments and/or leagues of the game. By doing this you'll receive rare items depending in which place you ended. HP - Hit Points. You use hit points for everything. From defending to shooting, the HP are like the stamina of your player. CAT - Catching. Only used by goalkeepers. It is used to stop shoots. The more Cathing, the more shots your goalkeeper will stop."	
"2019-04-22T02:37:04Z"	
"https://www.thefinalfantasy.com/ff10/blitzball.html"
"The terrific & neat theme for the Ghost blogging platform. Ordentlich is the terrific and neat theme for Ghost. It's free, responsive and ready to rumble! See it live in action on for example pages like Coding w/ Passion Mag. Ordentlich is heavily using Bourbon, Neat, Bitters and the nice flex boxes. Build the theme using gulp as described on the official Github page."	
"2019-04-19T02:36:49Z"	
"http://happy-coding.github.io/ordentlich/"
"This Conversations API method allows a user to remove another member from a channel. ID of conversation to remove user from. User ID to be removed."	
"2019-04-21T08:58:43Z"	
"https://api.slack.com/methods/conversations.kick"
"Now there are four. A fourth R Boat has joined PIRATE, ALOHA and LADY VAN, welcome ACE to her first Port Townsend Wooden Boat Festival. Thanks to Lin Parks for these great pictures."	
"2019-04-21T21:19:00Z"	
"http://ptsail.org/2011/09/13/r-boats-at-the-2011-wbf/"
"To Be Built By Professional Local Builders! Post Modern Located On The Vanderbilt Little Neck Peninsula In Centerport. SD#6, Open Floor Plan Perfect For Entertaining With Every Amenity And Fine Finishes Thru-Out. 4/5 Bedrooms, 3 Full Baths. 2 Lot Subdivision, One Still Available. Still Time To Pick Your Finishings. Architecturally Designed to perfection w/ timeless elegance & high attention to detail, this Centerport colonial is sure to impress from the moment you walk in the door. Beautiful oak hardwood floors, custom millwork and tons of natural sunlight are essential focal points throughout the entire home. Boasting a chefs kitchen with stainless appliances, double ovens and large quartzite center island, this is an entertainers dream. Situated on a low maintenance property in the Harborfields SD!"	
"2019-04-25T05:59:44Z"	
"http://www.peterarner.com/centerport-homes-for-sale"
"^ Source: Wilson (1999, 2). The many changes of European political borders since Mozart's time make it difficult to assign him a unambiguous nationality; for discussion see Mozart's nationality. Abert, Hermann. Cliff Eisen, 编. W. A. Mozart. 由Stewart Spencer翻译 . New Haven: Yale University Press. 2007. ISBN 978-0-300-07223-5. OCLC 70401564. Deutsch, Otto Erich. Mozart: A Documentary Biography. 由Peter Branscombe, Eric Blom, Jeremy Noble翻译 . Stanford: Stanford University Press. 1965. ISBN 978-0-8047-0233-1. OCLC 8991008. Halliwell, Ruth. The Mozart Family: Four Lives in a Social Context. New York City: Clarendon Press. 1998. ISBN 978-0-19-816371-8. OCLC 36423516. Sadie, Stanley (编). The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians 6th. London: Macmillan. 1980. ISBN 0-333-23111-2. OCLC 5676891."	
"2019-04-21T23:38:58Z"	
"https://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E8%8E%AB%E6%89%8E%E7%89%B9"
"The Super Bowl can leave you broke. But you can lessen the damage. What We Built. Why We Built It. And What’s Next for You. In 2018, we went beyond investing, building the tools you need to put your entire financial life in focus. What Are Cash Back Cards and What Are the Benefits? Cash back is only the beginning."	
"2019-04-19T14:44:28Z"	
"https://learn.stashinvest.com/tag/cash-back"
"With inflatable water slide rentals starting at just $180 and inflatable combo rentals starting at just $160, Family Time Inflatables has one of the largest Inflatable Selections in New Orleans. We rent inflatable bounce houses, combo bounce houses, slides, waterslides, toddler bounce houses, obstacle courses. Family Time inflatable bounce house rentals and inflatable water slide rentals is a full service inflatable party supply rental company that proudly delivers the cleanest and safest inflatable rental units in New Orleans. PartyZone Inflatables is your New Orleans and River Parishes one stop shop for your inflatable bounce houses, combo bounce houses, slides, waterslides, toddler bounce houses, obstacle courses and much more! We offer themed inflatables for any type of party for your kids. Our waterslides are great for your backyard summer parties! Call us today and book an event!!! We rent spacewalks 4in1 combos and 5in1 combos and waterslides. We also rent cotton candy, sno ball,popcorn machines. We also do tables and chairs. We specialize in themes for your parties."	
"2019-04-21T13:03:53Z"	
"http://bounceguide.com/tag/new-orleans/"
"Approach your problems from the right end It isn't that they can't see the solution. It is and begin with the answers. Then one day, that they can't see the problem. perhaps you will find the final question. G. K. Chesterton. The Scandal of Father 'The Hermit Clad in Crane Feathers' in R. Brown 'The point of a Pin'. van Gulik's The Chif1ese Maze Murders. Growing specialization and diversification have brought a host of monographs and textbooks on increasingly specialized topics. However, the "tree" of knowledge of mathematics and related fields does not grow only by putting forth new branches. It also happens, quite often in fact, that branches which were thought to be completely disparate are suddenly seen to be related. Further, the kind and level of sophistication of mathematics applied in various sciences has changed drastically in recent years: measure theory is used (non- trivially) in regional and theoretical economics; algebraic geometry interacts with physics; the Minkowsky lemma, coding theory and the structure of water meet one another in packing and covering theory; quantum fields, crystal defects and mathematical programming profit from homotopy theory; Lie algebras are relevant to filtering; and prediction and electrical engineering can use Stein spaces. And in addition to this there are such new emerging subdisciplines as "experimental mathematics", "CFD", "completely integrable systems", "chaos, synergetics and large-scale order", which are almost impossible to fit into the existing classification schemes. They draw upon widely different sections of mathematics. Self-Organization and Information Theory.- The Mathematics Needed for Self-Organisation.- Entropy and Order.- Pattern Formation for a One Dimensional Evolution Equation Based on Thom's River Basin Model.- On the Modelling of Vehicular Traffic Flow.- Alternative Exploitation of Dissipation Inequality Demonstrated for Hyperbolic Heat Conduction.- A New Approach to Thermodynamics of Irreversible Processes by Means of Lagrange-Formalism.- A Boundary-Layer Theory for the Dynamics and Thermodynamics of Phase-Interfaces.- Large Scale Magnetic Fields in Fluids - An Example of a Dissipative Structure.- Facing Some Problems with Entropy.- On the Spontaneous Emission from Two-Level Atoms in a Damped Cavity.- Polynucleotides - A Class of Self-Organizing Biomolecules.- Stages of Emerging Life - Five Principles of Early Organization.- The Physical Matrix for Self-Organisation.- Spontaneously Broken Symmetries and Dissipative Structures.- On the Coherence of Ultraweak Photonemission from Living Tissues.- Evolution: Natural Selection or Self-Organization?.- Thermodynamics and Complex Systems.- The Transition from Town to City: Metropolitan Behaviour in the 19th Century.- Creation, Organisation and Preservation of Dissipative Structures."	
"2019-04-21T17:12:43Z"	
"https://www.booktopia.com.au/disequilibrium-and-self-organisation-c-w-kilmister/prod9789027723000.html"
"I always love a good nosey into people’s bags – it kind of shows you a little bit more of their personality. This backpack is from Urban Outfitters which I actually picked up in the sale for the bargainous price of £20. I’m not one to carry around a lot of things with me on a daily basis – these are the main things I had. I had just bought the two Models Own nail polish featured above – Boots are currently having a 2 for £8 offer on them, so now is the time to snap some up. I’m looking forward to trying the Hed Kandi collaboration – a have seen it on a few friends nails and it looks fabulous. I always need some hand cream with me because I hate how dry my hand gets from using cheap soap at work – this works a treat. The superbalm from Liz Earle is really good for lips and any dry patches you might have – it works wonders on elbows! I am loving the new Revlon Lip Butters – I often find lipsticks really drying so this is a perfect solution. My sheep keyring was from the Mark Fast goodie bag I managed to grab while I was at fashion week – I like this little dude on my keys, don’t you? I just picked up this case for my phone and I love it – it made me feel like I had a whole new phone again. I always throw this beanie in my bag to keep my hair dry and under control in this ridiculous weather we have been having in the UK. Lastly is my purse from Zara which my mum got me at Christmas – skulls and spiky studs, pretty much me in purse form."	
"2019-04-23T05:57:41Z"	
"http://www.aforteforfashion.co.uk/2012/04/whats-in-my-bag-featuring-urban-outfitters-backpack.html/"
"The world’s first collection of waters designed for different styles of wine. Follow us on Fundedbyme and get updates when our campaign starts. Water affects your experience of your wine. It depends on the waters mineral content, pH level, and carbonation. The minerality in the water interacts with the tannins, structure, and flavors of the wine. A glass of water can either destroy or enhance your wine experience. The collection of MINVINO is designed to match and harmonize with different styles of wine. It is spring water from Sweden, enhanced with carefully curated minerals and a super light carbonation to awake the taste buds and prolong the taste of the wine. It is water for the true wine lovers."	
"2019-04-24T08:27:30Z"	
"https://minvino.com/invest_in_minvino/"
"How to download and update samsung galaxy camera 2 sf2wifi ek gc200 2019? Downloads all version android firmware for samsung galaxy camera 2 sf2wifi ek gc200 device. See full manual for update android firmware. Find and upgrade firmware on you device.."	
"2019-04-20T07:06:33Z"	
"http://firmwareupdatepro.com/post/samsung-galaxy-camera-2-sf2wifi-ek-gc200"
"THE Greens are promising to double Fremantle’s tree canopy by 2040 under an “urban forest” plan. Freo council has already adopted a policy to increase the dire coverage of trees over barren streets, but Greens WA senator Scott Ludlam reckons the issue is so serious it needs federal attention. Perth’s lost 75 per cent of its bushland and about a third of what’s left is at risk. The Greens say this increases the intensity of heatwaves, which kill more Australians than any other natural disaster. Climate change modelling suggests there’ll be twice as many heatwaves in Australia by 2050. • $1.2 million a year to facilitate at least 10 per cent of buildings to have a “green” roof, wall or facade. This week the Greens took the party faithful through the policies and strategy for the coming election, with a green economy the main theme. The Greens want better investment in public transport, full renewable energy by 2030 and have committed to full social security. The party’s Fremantle candidate Kate Davis introduced the evening, which was held at Victoria Hall."	
"2019-04-21T12:30:39Z"	
"https://heraldonlinejournal.com/2016/05/27/greens-for-trees/"
"CompactFlash cards are not very popular anymore as Secure Digital cards are typically much cheaper. That being said, pro-sumer Digital SLR cameras as well as full Professional SLR cameras use CompactFlash as it seems to be more reliable and is certainly faster when it comes to continuous write speeds. Today we are taking a look at a very expensive 16GB card from SanDisk that is from their flagship line – the Extreme Pro. These cards claim to have a write speed of up to 90MB/sec – making them some of the fastest flash cards to ever hit the general public. How much will this set you back? SanDisk lists the MSRP at a mere $335.99USD currently. Before you choke and run away, let’s take a look and see if this price tag is justified in any way, shape or form. Founded in 1988 by Dr. Eli Harari, an internationally recognized authority on non-volatile memory technology, SanDisk has grown to become the world’s largest supplier of innovative flash memory data storage products. SanDisk currently has more than 1,100 U.S. patents, more than 600 foreign patents, and more than 1440 patent applications pending in the U.S. SanDisk is the only company, worldwide, that has the rights to both manufacture and sell every major flash card format, including CompactFlash®, SD™, miniSD™, microSD™, MultiMediaCard™, Reduced Size MultiMediaCard (RS-MMC™), Memory Stick PRO™ and related Memory Stick® products, xD-Picture Card™ and USB flash drives. SanDisk became a publicly traded company (NASDAQ:SNDK) in November 1995, and in 2008 revenues were 3.3 billion. With more than 3,400 employees worldwide, SanDisk is headquartered in Milpitas, California. My interest in a fast CompactFlash card was recently piqued when I picked up a Nikon D300s DSLR. This card uses both SD and CF media and you can specify which picture format gets stored on each card. Normally I take pictures and save them lossless as RAW (NEF) as well as JPG. I love the convenience of the Eye-Fi SD card for uploading my pictures to Flickr and to my computer and it is nice to have all the RAW files stored on a separate card. The problem is that each RAW image is over 9MB and the camera takes up to 8FPS with a battery grip. It doesn’t take long to fill the buffer and start slowing the camera down. The Extreme Pro series of CompactFlash cards come in 16GB, 32GB and 64GB capacities and can cost you almost $900 for the 64GB version. These cards are not for the weak of heart, but they do offer a nice bunch of features. The following information has been pulled from the SanDisk product page and posted here for your convenience. Now there’s a memory card fast enough to keep up with your advanced DSLR: The SanDisk Extreme® Pro™ CompactFlash® card. With lightning-fast (up to 90 MB/s* read/write) speed, you’ll be able to capture more continuous burst shooting-and get the most out of your professional digital SLR camera. And with up to 64GB** of storage, you’ll be ready for more RAW+JPEG and high-def video. SanDisk engineered its Power Core™ Controller to take whatever your camera’s buffer can dish out. By distributing image data across the card more rapidly and efficiently, this card delivers professional performance. POWER CORE CONTROLLERTM & ENHANCED SUPER-PARALLEL PROCESSINGTM “ESP”: Was invented by SanDisk to increase the card’s performance level. On the next page we’ll take a look at this cards performance in our camera and on our computer. For this review we used the speedy Addonics ADSACF-N SATA CompactFlash card reader . This device supports UDMA enabled CompactFlash cards and is about the fastest CompactFlash card reader we could get our hands on with short notice. Some Firewire 800 card readers are available as well and they should certainly push the limits of this card. As previously mentioned, we also used a Nikon D300s DSLR camera that shoots in continuous mode at 7FPS with the built-in battery and up to 8FPS with the additional MB-D10 battery pack. For this review we used the MB-D10 battery grip in order to push the limits of this card. For comparison in both HDTach as well as the actual camera tests, we compared the SanDisk Extreme Pro 600x card with an affordable Lexar 8GB 80x card. Obviously the difference should be obvious, but it is interesting to see how much difference there is in the real world. While the Extreme Pro supports UDMA 6 (Ultra ATA/133), the Addonics Card Reader only supports UDMA 5 (Ultra ATA/100). This is still faster than any built-in USB card reader on your laptop or desktop computer and HDTach should show some interesting performance. We start things off with a look at HDTach and compare the Lexar 8GB 80x card against the SanDisk 16GB 600x card. As you can see read performance is taken care of by the SanDisk card. It doesn’t come close to its 90MB/sec speed, but it does burst to over 67MB/sec and averages 34.6MB/sec read speed. Compare this to the Lexar card which bursts to 15.9MB/sec and averages a 15.6MB/sec read speed. With those numbers in mind, we popped these cards into the D300s and started clicking. We shot images in bright daylight at 1/200 shutter speed at ISO100, with no noise reduction. The Tokina 11-16mm lens was set at f2.8 and we ran through a couple of tests. The first test was to see how fast the camera could fill the buffer and once it was full, we’d take two more frames to get our first result. In RAW mode, the images at 4288×2848 and were averaging about 9.28MB in size. The SanDisk card shot 20 images in exactly 3 seconds. The buffer filled at about 18 images and we snapped a couple more for a realistic result. The Lexar card started out pretty good, but when the buffer filled, it slowed down to a crawl as it couldn’t write data very fast. We took 19 images in 5 seconds with this card. Once we did the initial speed test, we timed out how long it took to take 30 images. Once again we started out with the SanDisk Extreme Pro and we took 30 images in 5 seconds flat. That works out to six images per second – including the time it take to write to the card once the buffer is full. The Lexar card took 19 seconds to snap the same 30 image set. The first 17 were very fast, but the next images were painfully slow. The above information doesn’t really indicate actual write speed as the camera buffer is holding 17 images and writing as fast as possible. The reality is that you can continue to shoot 5 images per second while the SanDisk card is writing data and the Lexar card takes over a second to write a single image. The Lexar card is more than 6x slower in the real world. While I’m sure that most people wouldn’t consider spending $250+ on a 16GB CompactFlash Card, if you’re a budding photographer and you just have to capture that action shot to get your big break, the SanDisk Extreme Pro card won’t leave you waiting. It writes incredibly fast, reads data from the card in a snap and worked flawlessly through the weeks that we pounded this card in our tests. We used it in low temperatures -10C without issues and I’m confident that this card will keep on kicking long after your SD cards have corrupted. In the D300s, I used it to record my RAW images and sent the JPEGs to an SD card and this convenience and performance is fantastic. The bottom line is this: “Would I spend $250 on this card?” I wish I had $250 to spend on it as it gives you the freedom to shoot as much as you need to without worrying about slowing down your camera considerably while the card writes images from the buffer. The performance you gain from this card is remarkable – if you have a fast camera – but you’ll have to decide if the performance is worth the price. This makes it hard to score value – as it is extremely expensive for 16GB of storage, but for the speed it is priced not too badly. If you’re even considering this card, you probably have over $2000 worth of camera kit hanging around your neck and this would only represent about 10% of your investment. If you look at it that way, it’s probably not a bad buy."	
"2019-04-22T16:47:12Z"	
"http://benheide.com/sandisk-16gb-extreme-pro-compactflash-review/"
"ENVASS prescribes to various environmental legal newsletters from large and accountable legal firms in South Africa. ENVASS also prescribes to the Environmental Leader (US based), IEMA (Europe based), Green Building (RSA based) newsletters and the Mining weekly newsletter which provides continuous and relevant updates and insights. The ENVASS process management office is tasked to extract relevant information from these mentioned newsletters and to compile a quarterly newsletter to all our clients. This quarterly newsletter contains all the relevant and significant events. Should there, however, be important notices and or information sharing, particular related to regulations and or legal promulgations, the ENVASS newsletter provides this directly to our client base."	
"2019-04-20T04:16:28Z"	
"https://www.envass.co.za/client-value-add/environmental-legal-updates/"
"Did you know Snappy Photobooths is a proud preferred supplier for Icebergs in Bondi Beach? What a top location for a wedding with amazing views of the famous Bondi Beach! We recently attended their wedding expo to showcase the fun and excitement a photobooth hire can be for a wedding. There were other suppliers, from Entertainment, Celebrants, Decorators, Photographers to Car hire. This was an awesome night out and we are looking forward to some further events due to this exhibition. Spice up your Icebergs wedding with a Snappy Photobooth."	
"2019-04-24T05:51:34Z"	
"https://www.snappyphotobooths.com.au/snappy-photobooths-attends-wedding-expo-at-icebergs-bondi-beach/"
"Welcome to Boston Mamas Rock! – where we’re giving a voice to fabulous local mamas from all walks of life. Read on for today’s interview with Susan Dorson & Amy Weitzman, two local moms on a mission to save their community library and provide parents with an eco-friendly, affordable shopping option via The Little Fox Shop. Then go ahead and nominate yourself or a friend! Christine: Welcome, Susan and Amy! You were nominated for this feature because of the work you have done to start The Little Fox Shop at the Edith Fox Branch Library in East Arlington, where all proceeds go to support the library (whose doors have been on the verge of closing for some time due to budget cuts). Now, everyone (present company included) talks about the importance of preserving local libraries, but your efforts truly walk the walk. What inspired you to action to help save the Fox Branch? Susan: I have always loved the Fox Library but when I was pregnant with my first son, I would take daily walks up to the Fox and chat with the librarians and it became a part of my life. After my son was born, there were days when I was very lonely but I knew that my local library was a place I could find people to talk to - and of course books. The thing about a branch library is that it is more than just a place to get books; it is a community gathering place. Owing in part to the smaller population that the Fox serves, you can see the same faces each week, you can network and go to events, and it becomes central to your life. I couldn't see this taken away from me, my children, or my neighborhood. The main branch is wonderful but to be able to walk into a place and have everybody know your name....well, that's special. Amy: When Susan asked me be to part of a new children's secondhand store inside the library, I didn't hesitate to join her. I have always loved libraries and seriously considered becoming a school librarian a few years ago, but was disheartened when I saw that librarian positions were being eliminated at many schools around the country. Running the shop to save my local library seemed like the next best thing to me. Susan informed me that Arlington elementary schools no longer have librarians. The Fox Library will be the best way for my children to access the wealth of knowledge that librarians have on children's books and reading. That really motivated me. Also, the recycling aspect of the Little Fox is tremendously important to both Susan and me. When you buy a recycled item from the Little Fox instead of new from another store, the earth smiles. Christine:How difficult was it to get this effort going? What was the rough timetable from conception to opening? Did the town of Arlington help with startup funds to spruce up the space and get your website going or was it all pieced together through friends and family? Some combination of both? Susan & Amy: Getting the Little Fox started took a lot of thinking and planning. The time from conception to opening was about 8 weeks. One of our most important goals was to create an atmosphere in which people would enjoy shopping and volunteering. We didn't receive any funds from the town, but they gave us the space and free reign over it. Almost nothing in the shop was purchased new. One of us would spy a good shelf on the curb for trash and haul it over to the shop. We would have "pizza night" at the store and our husbands and children would come and they would play while we worked. Friends would come with us to the shop and help us get ready for the opening as well. Susan has a really good eye for store design and has done most of the arranging and decorating of our physical space. Amy worked in advertising and software development before she had children, so she was able to create our website and organizes our online schedule of volunteers. Our different skill sets compliment each other very well. One of the inspirations for the Little Fox was the PTO Thrift Store, which operated in the basement of the Fox Library for four years. It was a great success and many people in Arlington were sad to see it closing. They sold anything and everything, but we love and need kid stuff and decided to focus exclusively on children's items. We opened the same month the PTO Thrift Store closed, and they generously gave us many of their racks and shelving. Also, the librarians at both the Fox and Robbins Libraries have been wonderfully helpful and supportive. Christine: What used to live in the space where The Little Fox shop now resides? Did you take before and after photos? From a design perspective, what transformed the space from (presumably) dingy storage space to what your nominator called a “hip thrift shop”? Susan & Amy: The space most recently held the Arlington Early Intervention program, which moved about a year ago. I don't think we have any before pictures, but it wasn't very appealing when we took over the space. While we wanted to repaint the entire space, that was one thing were weren't allowed to do, so it was all about distracting the eye from the beat-up beige walls; we used paintings, colorful decorations that hang from the wall and ceiling, and the items we are selling tend to come in bold, bright colors so that helps, too. We put stuffed animals out as decorations and created a clothesline on our most prominent wall to display seasonal items; right now we have Halloween costumes on that wall. Christine: You sell kids' clothing, toys, baby gear, and maternity clothes. What have been some of your favorite, most amazing finds to walk in the door? Amy: It's funny, the best "finds" are very personal. I love stuffed animals that are characters from books and get excited when a new one comes in, like Madeline or Snoopy. Susan: I love when great gear shows up, like an almost new jogging stroller or a highly sought after Bumbo seat. I also get very excited about great books and particularly cute girls clothes (as I have two boys, I enjoy the chance to see all of the great girls things)! We recently got a Thomas Train table and I am waiting to see how long that will last. Christine: Your nominator wrote, “Since opening this summer, Amy and Susan have opened a beautiful retail space, organized a small army of volunteers, and raised over $7,000!” Are you aware of what that money actually funds (e.g., staff, longer library hours, utilities, etc.)? Meaning, roughly, what does it take to keep a small but thriving branch library open for business? Susan & Amy: The library costs approximately $90,000 per year to operate, although closing it wouldn't save the town nearly that much, as most of the salary costs of the senior staff positions would simply be transferred to the cost of operating the main library. Our goal is to raise enough money to keep the town from considering The Fox a liability. Christine: Clearly, your efforts are paying off and the shop is growing. Where are your greatest areas of need for volunteers? How can people get involved to help? What kind of commitment is involved? Susan & Amy: We are constantly amazed at the quality and dedication of our volunteers, but we can always use more. Since many of the volunteers who run the shop are also moms, their availability can change at a moment's notice; when something in their household changes, whether it is a shift in childcare arrangements or a new job for themselves or their partner. We also have a few retired people working at the shop and they are a great help since they are able to work hours that are difficult for those with young families to volunteer (like pickup time at the elementary schools). Working at the Little Fox is fun! If you worked retail as a young person, running the register can bring back memories. For retired people, the Little Fox can be a low-key workplace and a place to socialize. Our volunteers work as little as once a month for a couple of hours or 2-3 hours each week; it's completely up to them. See the volunteer page of our website for more information on volunteering at the shop. Christine: You’re both mothers of two children. How do you juggle your efforts with The Little Fox Shop with parenting? Do your children come to work with you? Susan & Amy: Susan often brings her children to the store while she works. Sometimes she lets them borrow books or small toys from the shop as an incentive, but most of the time they are happy to be there since it's a toy store where they can play with all of the toys! Amy is able to work in the store with her older daughter who is 4 1/2, but not very well with her younger girl, who is 18 months old (she likes to wander out the door)! Amy's husband works at home, so she often runs over to the store during her younger daughter's nap or works the evening shift on Wednesday while her husband makes dinner and puts the kids to bed. The summer was a challenging time to start the store since our kids were home with us full-time, but now that we have volunteers running the store much of the time, things have gotten much easier for us and our families. And it helps that we both live within walking distance of the store. Christine: I truly find your efforts so commendable and I wonder whether one or both of you have strong roots in community service. Is this work part of a long history of helping others? Susan & Amy: We definitely love to help others. Susan's background is in Macro Social Work, which means working with groups and populations on issues that they face; one facet of that is community organizing of which there is a strong element at the Little Fox. For the past 2 years, Amy has been running the Arlington Parents List, an email list with over 1500 local parents. Before that, she taught a basic computer skills class for low-income mothers. We also have a strong interest in recycling, and the fact that we are helping families to reuse and recycle is important to us. Christine: We’ve talked exclusively about The Little Fox Shop until now. We’d love to know more about you both; give us a snapshot of your history and interests. Susan: A snapshot of my history? That is tough. OK, very quick. I grew up the daughter of two ministers learning about helping to give to our community and protecting our world. In college I majored in psychology and then afterwards worked in children's theater with a focus on social issues. As I said before, my graduate degree is in Macro Social Work (from BU). My interests are making everything around me better....maybe that is too ambitious?! In reality I love to read, camp, bike, and go on adventure with my family. I love to be challenged and am relishing my experiences in starting a non-profit! Amy: I grew up in Texas and California, but came to Boston as a freshman at BU. I majored in English Literature but added a Computer Science minor at the last minute so I'd be able to find a job when I graduated! My husband and I love to travel and have tried to continue to explore the world, even though we now take up more than one row on an airplane. I enjoy making paper collage and reading crafty blogs. I also have been known to stay up half the night reading a book. Text the word "novel" to the number 41411 to get a list of my favorite books. Try it, it really works! Susan: As a Boston mama I love the fact that there is so much to do. I can take my children to festivals, fairs, concerts, and museums or just bike on the Esplanade, sail on lakes and rivers, or explore the parks. If you can't find something to do or somewhere to go, you simply aren't trying hard enough! Amy: Playgrounds and sandwiches. I'm not kidding, Boston has the best sandwiches. We love to get a great sandwich and eat it while the kids play at the playground. Most of our favorite places for sandwiches are in Cambridge, but we have been known to get a pizza and walk to Spy Pond right here in Arlington and watch the sun go down as the girls play with stones on the edge of the water."	
"2019-04-24T10:21:49Z"	
"https://www.bostonmamas.com/blog/2008/10/28/featured-mamas-susan-dorson-amy-weitzman.html"
"MIDDLETOWN, NJ - The Middletown Township Public Library and the Township of Middletown are pleased to announce the appointment of Kim Rinaldi as Provisional Library Director, beginning on February 24, 2014. Ms. Rinaldi will earn a salary of $95,000.00 per year. Ms. Rinaldi comes to the Middletown Township Public Library after having served as the Library Director of the Margaret E. Heggen Free Public Library in Washington Township, New Jersey. During her tenure in Washington Township, Ms. Rinaldi managed 26 employees and a $2.5 million annual budget. Ms. Rinaldi has also served as the Director of the Brielle Public Library and as a Senior Librarian at the Ocean County Library, Long Beach Island Branch in Surf City, New Jersey. Ms. Rinaldi holds a Masters in Library and Information Science from Texas Women’s College and has extensive experience in library administration, budgeting and project management. Ms. Rinaldi is credited with outsourcing material cataloging and processing at the Margaret E. Heggan Free Public Library, reducing annual operating costs by $150,000.00. Ms. Rinaldi also managed a successful $2 million library building project. Ms. Rinaldi is excited to begin her new position as Provisional Library Director and looks forward to working with the Board of Trustees, staff and residents to continue to make the Middletown Township Public Library a premier resource and destination of choice for the residents of the Township."	
"2019-04-18T10:43:49Z"	
"http://www.ahherald.com/newsbrief/local-news/16893-middletown-library-hires-provisional-director"
"ATPases belong to the class of acid anhydride hydrolases. The most common ATPases (24 proteins) contain the classical mononucleotide-binding motif, which is known as the P-loop or Walkermotif. A second subfamily exists as the GHL ATPase family, including Hsp90, PMS2, MutL and DNA gyrase B, and share the same left-handed β-α-β-fold. Four conserved sequence motifs have been identified in these enzymes. Finally, β-actin, Hsp70 and FtsA contain a more complex nucleotide-binding site and form the third and last subfamily of ATPases. The presence of various types of nucleotide-binding site in ATPases is of interest for drug discovery, as it might allow the design of compounds that specifically target only one type. The class of Heat-shock proteins (Hsps; EC 3.6.-.-), the molecular chaperones, comprises five major and broadly conserved families: Hsp100s, Hsp90s, Hsp70s, Hsp60s, and small heat shock proteins (sHsps). The stress proteins are typically named after their molecular size in kilodaltons. They are required for the correct folding and maintenance of client proteins in biologically active conformations, and to stabilize them against heat stress and toxic chemicals (particularly heavy metals). Although Hsps are ubiquitously expressed proteins, increased expression of Hsps in a stressed cell is mediated primarily by so-called heat shock transcription factors (HSFs, 1-4). Hsps bind adenosine triphosphate (ATP), and ATP hydrolysis is required for its function, and is the key driving force for conformational conversions within the chaperone. Although inactive heat shock proteins exhibit weak to nonexistent ATPase activity, the presence of a substrate peptide in the binding domain stimulates the ATPase activity of Hsps, increasing its normally slow rate of ATP hydrolysis,. In addition, a variety of co-chaperones, immunophilins, and other proteins are involved in the Hsp90-mediated protein folding pathway. ATPases as drug targets: learning from their structure. P. Chène. Nat. Rev. Drug Discov. 2002, 1, 665-673. K. Richter et al. Intrinsic Inhibition of the Hsp90 ATPase Activity. J. Biol. Chem. 2006, 281, 11301-11311. J. Verghese et al. Biology of the Heat Shock Response and Protein Chaperones: Budding Yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) as a Model System. Microbiol. Mol. Biol. Rev. 2012, 76, 115-158. M. Rowlands et al. Detection of the ATPase Activity of the Molecular Chaperones Hsp90 and Hsp72 Using the Transcreener™ADP Assay Kit. J. Biomol. Screen. 2010, 15, 279-286."	
"2019-04-21T13:31:01Z"	
"https://www.axonmedchem.com/products/enzymes/hydrolases/atpase/hsp90"
"Our Palladium Tank Plating Kit – 1 Litre is a great option for re-plating white gold jewellery. The price of the kit includes 1 Litre of our Palladium Tank Plating Solution which contains 6 grams of palladium per litre and can be shipped outside the UK and EU, making it a good substitute for our transport restricted rhodium and platinum plating processes. Our Palladium Tank Plating Solution deposits a bright white, hard-wearing layer of palladium and is an excellent alternative to rhodium for re-plating white gold wedding and engagement rings. Another notable feature of our palladium plating system is that you can safely palladium plate items of jewellery that include materials such as pearl or coral without having to mask them out, as our Palladium Tank Plating Solution will not etch materials made from calcium carbonate. This was the case with the pearl and silver pendant in the picture; the whole of the pendant, pearls included, was immersed in our Palladium Plating Solution without any negative effect on the pearls. For a guide to setting up your Palladium Tank Plating Kit you can follow the same instructions for our Rhodium Tank Plating Kit which can be found in our Electroplating Manual by clicking HERE. This kit (or any of our other kits, equipment or solutions) is not suitable for plating on to aluminium or titanium and therefore can’t be used to plate iPhones and other similar products. If you are planning on palladium tank plating on to copper and its alloys including brass and bronze you’ll need to brush plate a barrier layer of gold flash to protect your tank plating solution. In between uses of your palladium tank plating solution, it’s a good idea to cover your solution with cling film to stop particles of duct and hair getting in as this will over time shorten the life of your solution. It will also reduce the frequency of having to filter your solution. Stepped voltage controlled via a selector switch enabling a range from 3 up to 12 volts. Maximum current is 3.0 amps. Perfect for powering the cleaning stage, removing the need to re-set the settings on your MF Rectifier from cleaning to plating. Palladium plating solution is agitated with a magnetic stirrer at the bottom of the beaker during plating. Mechanical agitation is a safer alternative to air agitation, as it eradicates any risk of the aerosol effect of the rhodium tank plating solution. Mechanical agitation keeps the plating solution moving over the surface of the item being plated in a consistent way, again maximising the efficiency of the tank plating process. Mechanical agitation avoids unnecessary oxidisation of the metal plating solution that air agitation will cause. Made bespoke from solid stainless steel and designed to be used in conjunction with the Plating Arm Clamp Fully conductive. Will not corrode and contaminate palladium tank plating solution. When used with clamp, can be moved up or down the stand in any position to fit any size of plating beaker. The advertised kit is using the 250ml kit. If you want to upsize to the 1 litre kit, you will need to remove the 250ml Plating Beaker, Mesh Electrode for 250ml Beaker, Stirring Bar (Mini) and 250ml of Palladium Tank Plating Solution from the kit list. You will then need to add the 1 Litre Plating Beaker, Mesh Electrode for 1 Beaker, Stirring Bar (Medium) and 1 litre of Palladium Tank Plating Solution."	
"2019-04-23T04:01:21Z"	
"https://www.goldn.co.uk/product/palladium-tank-plating-kit-1-litre/"
"Star Wars fans were introduced to Chris Pirillo when he hilariously debuted the Hasbro Millennium Falcon on Lucasfilm’s “Force Friday” 18-hour marathon livestream. We talk completing vintage collections, how Episodes VIII and IX will affect our The Force Awakens reviews and get into a passionate chat about why trolls troll. YOU CAN HELP “Steele Wars” with a sweet five-star review on iTunes or plug the show on Facebook or Twitter. I really appreciate it."	
"2019-04-18T18:44:51Z"	
"https://makingstarwars.net/2016/06/steele-wars-podcast-ep-094-chris-pirillo-the-force-friday-livestream-presenter-talks-star-wars/"
"Here at Bathroom Make Over Authority, we'll be ready to satisfy your needs regarding Bathroom Makeovers in Iowa Park, TX. You'll need the most innovative modern technology in the field, and our crew of highly skilled professionals will offer just that. We grantee that you get the best services, the best value, and the highest quality materials. We will help you to come up with decisions for the task, respond to all your questions, and organize an appointment with our workers whenever you call us at 800-335-6975. You will have a budget to stick to, and you need to cut costs. Still you require superior services on Bathroom Makeovers in Iowa Park, TX, so you can rely on us to help you save money while continuing with offering the highest quality services. We offer the highest quality even while still saving you money. If you work with us, you'll receive the advantage of our own practical knowledge and superior materials to be sure that your project can last even while saving time and cash. For example, we are alert to keep clear of costly mistakes, do the job promptly to help save hours, and guarantee that you receive the top discounts on supplies and work. If you need to get lower rates, Bathroom Make Over Authority is the company to contact. Dial 800-335-6975 to talk to our client care staff, right now. You will need to be informed when it comes to Bathroom Makeovers in Iowa Park, TX. We won't encourage you to come up with ill advised judgments, as we know exactly what we'll be working at, and we make sure you know very well what to expect from the project. That's why we make every effort to be sure that you understand the procedure and aren't confronted by any surprises. Begin by calling 800-335-6975 to talk about your job. We'll resolve all of your questions and schedule the initial meeting. We are going to work together with you throughout the whole project, and our company will appear on time and ready. Lots of reasons exist to decide on Bathroom Make Over Authority for Bathroom Makeovers in Iowa Park, TX. Our supplies are of the highest quality, our cash saving solutions are practical and powerful, and our customer support ratings won't be beat. Our company has the experience that you need to fulfill your goals and objectives. When you need Bathroom Makeovers in Iowa Park, call Bathroom Make Over Authority by dialing 800-335-6975, and we will be pleased to help you."	
"2019-04-22T16:52:01Z"	
"http://www.bathroommakeoverauthority.com/tx/bathroom-makeovers-in-iowa-park/"
"Win Your Next Account Director Role in the United Kingdom - Upgrade your CV today! Are You Looking for a New Job as an Account Director? Win Your Next Account Director Role by Upgrading Your CV Today! At UK CV Experts we take great pleasure in creating CVs for Account Directors. We believe that account directors are stealth sales people as they are usually responsible for retaining and farming large books of business. Whether you like to admit it or not, an account director role is a key sales function and the daily activities that most account directors take for granted are essential for any good sales organisation to move forward. What is an Account Director's CV and who would need one? An Account Director's CV covers the commercial experience of a senior account management professional who is seeking a new Account Director role. Typically, the CV summary includes details such as: professional education, relevant previous employment, commercial achievements, contact details, references and sometimes a little personal information about your hobbies and leisure preferences. Most Account Director CVs include an opening statement that helps senior executives quickly understand who you are and how you will help drive revenue growth and profitability. What are the Main Responsibilities for an Account Director role? If you are ready to move into your next big Account Director role, then please get in touch today and get a CV that outshines the competition. Our exclusive team of UK-based CV writers all come from a commercial background. Between us, we have screened and hired hundreds of sales and account management candidates in our time. This means that we know what senior decision-makers are looking for and we know how to position you to find the role of your dreams. What are you waiting for? Make your next click one that matters. Click here to book your new Account Director CV and LinkedIn profile."	
"2019-04-19T02:36:58Z"	
"http://www.ukcvexperts.co.uk/roles/account-director.php"
"Cheapest Reseller Hosting in Myanmar from Hostdata is an Ideal way to begin your own Web Hosting Brand almost inside 24 Hours. With 24 Hour Online Reseller Hosting Support Executives, You'll never turn out wrong! Get your Cheapest Reseller Hosting Myanmar Now! Hostdata offers you numerous ways to commence your own web hosting business with a wide range of choices, for example, cheapest reseller hosting in Myanmar plans on both platform Linux and Windows. In our reseller plans, you can host up different domain names on your reseller web hosting account with us. With our reseller account, you can sell domain names as well as you can sell customized web hosting packages, email hosting packages, reseller plans and SSL certificates to your clients with your own brand, logo and your own fixed selling price. Advantages of Having Reseller Web Hosting in Myanmar. Made with favorite in Myanmar."	
"2019-04-20T02:14:52Z"	
"https://www.hostdata.in/reseller-hosting-in-myanmar.html"
"which relied too heavily on clichés and juvenile humor as characters had to explain everything instead of showing it (always a kiss of death for children’s animation) began to elicit yawns from the press row at the screening in just the opening twenty minutes as one prominent member promptly fell asleep. Upon its opening, we’re acquainted with three young flies, led by Nat McFly (as in “Think, McFly, think…” to steal a Back to the Future quote) who decide to tag along on Buzz Aldrin’s legendary Apollo 11 rocket mission in 1969. Featuring the voices of Christopher Lloyd, Kelly Ripa, Nicollette Sheridan, Tim Curry, Ed Begley Jr., Robert Patrick, and others, the film’s over-reliance on what they felt was a fascinating and relatable children’s plot involving the young insects bogs down the film which would have benefited greatly by focusing exclusively on the astronauts. This is especially apparent as it seems both completely awkward and like some strange “surprise party” styled prank on the audience in the film’s conclusion when heroic Buzz Aldrin himself walks out during the end titles to discredit every single thing that had transpired in the fictitious animated adventure, most likely to distance NASA from what can truly be called a cinematic waste of “space.” So, in other words, grab a swatter and some bug spray as that'll teach kids to imagine that houseflies have "the right stuff.""	
"2019-04-19T20:37:34Z"	
"https://reviews.filmintuition.com/2008/08/fly-me-to-moon-2008.html"
"There is a lot of discussion right now about stress reduction. Today we see an increased work load of mental health professionals, increased occurrences of abuse or violence faced by social workers and other therapists, and the terrible struggles facing our returning veterans. All of these things have increased our awareness of the stressful elements of our society and the impact those elements have on both our clients and the professionals whose job it is to help. As a social worker I am aware of the impact of work related stress on me, my family and my ability to do my job effectively. In my exploration of this topic, I found the blog of a young British social worker who wrote a blog called “Fighting Monsters.” She has since closed the blog, for personal reasons she did not disclose. But I was very struck by the quote she references while explaining the name of her blog. “Be careful when you fight the monsters, lest you become one.” Nietzsche. For her that was about the monster “mental disorder and illness.” For me it applies to all of the various ways we want to help and give care. If we don’t pay attention, we will fall into the very trap we are trying to help our clients climb out of. Stress, anxiety and depression are the most common warnings of the beginning fall. As professionals who work to support clients facing any number of difficult challenges, we need to be sure we have the appropriate tools to manage stress. But knowing stress is a problem and doing something about it are frequently two different things. It’s a bit of the forest from the trees problem. When we are standing in the middle of the stress we really think we are handling it quite well. If we can step back a few steps, we frequently find that we are doing a pretty poor job of it. The most amazing part of this discussion, is that everything we use when we talk with clients are things that are available to us as professionals – and vice versa. Everything we talk about in these articles on stress are important for clients and therapists alike. There are four important elements in any stress management approach – TALK, WRITE, THINK, MOVE. The next four posts will take them on."	
"2019-04-24T23:45:16Z"	
"http://underduesocialservices.com/wp/2015/09/18/the-stress-of-caring/"
"this document is designed to provide an inexperienced user with an introduction to the use of strain gauges within experimental stress analysis. ... for your measurements new horizons... determine stress in your components safely and reliably. ideal for difﬁ cult environments and materials. Viktor p. astakhov 1 metal cutting theory - missed chances or a science without history: part 2 personal vision of viktor p. astakhov 3 "innovations".. ."	
"2019-04-23T09:53:21Z"	
"https://www.documbase.com/Stress-and-Strain-Calculations.pdf"
"Or change column headers from letters to numbers. Old school spreadsheets used numbers for rows and column headers, excel calls this old method R1C1 reference style. Here is how to toggle between the two. 4. Place or remove a check next to the “R1C1 Reference Style” option to suit your liking and hit OK."	
"2019-04-19T14:50:06Z"	
"https://www.automateexcel.com/miscellaneous-tips-and-tricks/change-column-headers-from-letters-to-numbers/"
"Yet another fix for <tags>. Added <examples> tag (thanks to Jim for the tip). spiffy-request-vars: moving code to trunk. spiffy-request-vars: adding trunk & tags dirs.​http://chicken.wiki.br/cross-compilation may be a start. This would make it easier to conditionalize code for a particular version. awful.setup (trunk): use "-O3 -lambda-lift" instead of "-O2" Adding tag dir for awful version 0.17. Adding tags dir for awful. wiki/Unit extras: Comment on randomness quality of RANDOM. Updated docs for version 0.4. fixed: aded in 4722762d (experimental). Added mpfi dir and perms for Jeronimo. objc: Move objc-base to objc, other cleanups. wiki/srfi-4: Import srfi-4 docs and expand upon procedure definitions. wiki/srfi-14: Import procedures and charsets from SRFI. wiki/Unit srfi-13: Document all procedures. wiki/Unit srfi-1: Improve document markup. wiki/sxml-transforms: Expand upon apply-less starred variants. Changes applied for mario (189.114.111.55) through svnwiki: Table fix. fixed: Egg is available now, but needs more testing. * Last typo was fixed in only one file; the other is fixed now. Added user for Jeronimo Pellegrini (jeronimo)."	
"2019-04-23T06:07:30Z"	
"http://bugs.call-cc.org/timeline?from=2010-05-06T08%3A28%3A04%2B02%3A00&amp;precision=second"
"If you only focus on the graphics design of your web site and nothing else, you may have a beautiful web site that is hard to be found. If you only focus on search engine optimization and nothing else, your web site may be friendlier to the web robots at Google than it is to your web site visitors, which can hurt your conversion rate. If you only focus on social media and nothing else, you may not get the return on investment you are looking for. Web design, SEO, and social media are 3 important components of a successful Internet marketing strategy. If you want visitors to find you, you need outstanding SEO. If you want them to contact you or purchase from your site, you need great web design. If you want to create a lot of word-of-mouth recognition or implement a viral marketing campaign, social media can be an excellent tool for you. As a business owner, you should know that there is no one-size-fit-all online marketing strategy. There may be a lot of buzz on social media, but it may or may not be right for your business. This is why we always start by reviewing your business goals. When clients ask us: “How much should I spend on SEO? Should I create a Facebook page for my business? Do I need to redesign my web site? Is pay per click right for me? Should I start a blog?” Our answer is it only makes sense if it relates to your business goals. What are your business goals? What is currently working and not working for you? How are you attracting new customers? How much are you spending on each of these avenues? What percentage of your new customers comes from each of these avenues? How are you retaining your existing customers? What methods are you employing to encourage repeat purchases? What is the primary goal of your web site? To attract new customers? To service existing customers? To test a new market segment? What are you currently doing with your online marketing? How does this fit within your marketing strategy? How does your marketing strategy fit with your overall business goal? And how does your business goal fit with your lifestyle goal? Only by taking a look at the big picture can we help you answer questions such as how much you should spend on SEO or whether you should do social media. A marketing strategy that works wonders for someone else may or may not be right for your business or your lifestyle. This is the reason we have 2 departments: the technical people who are experts at SEO, social media, and web design, and the business consultants who can help you review and design the marketing strategy that is right for you. Many of our business consultants are business owners themselves and have tested various marketing strategies in their own businesses, so they speak from experience rather than a memorized sales pitch. More importantly than knowing the relative importance of web design, SEO, and social media is having a coherent marketing strategy that fits your business objectives and lifestyle goals. Only then can you confidently achieve the return on investment you are looking for."	
"2019-04-23T16:55:29Z"	
"https://www.freelancerbabu.com/blog/web-design-vs-seo-vs-social-media/"
"Justice, Peace and Integrity of Creation in Solidarity with those who are most vulnerable. “Journeying with peoples of different contexts, races, and cultures, and listening profoundly to the joys and suffering of humanity have allowed us to be touched by the poverty, inequality, exclusion, violence, and environmental destruction that are present in today’s world. We recognise with greater clarity the interconnectedness of global realities and the impact that these have on our local situations. We are more aware of the marginalising effects of globalisation and of cultures of dominance and exclusion. "We have a spirituality that unifies our commitment to the world and the contemplative experience. Formation, both initial and ongoing, must help reveal that God is here, hidden in life's story, and it is in this concrete story where we discover the signs of God's love and where we are sent to make it manifest. Our spirituality is embodied by our becoming global citizens, and it revitalises our vocation to transform the world with the hearts and minds of educators... As celibate women we want to centre our desires on building up a society based on the dignity of the human person and the dreams of God. Like Jesus, we want those who are marginalised to take radical priority in our hearts.""	
"2019-04-21T07:02:48Z"	
"http://societysacredheart.org.uk/Being-RSCJ/Fully-apostolic/Our-commitment-to-justice-peace-and-the-integrity-of-creation"
"Learn how to battle and defeat the secret boss in Kingdom Hearts 3 (KH3) - Dark Inferno, including info on boss characteristics, attacks, battle strategy, tips, and more! After beating the main story, you can visit the wastelands again and you'll find Battle Portal 14 there. Activate it to trigger the fight against Dark Inferno. Check Out All Battle Portal List Here! Dark Inferno mainly deals strong physical damage. Equip Sora with strong defensive armor and accessories, disregarding elemental resistance attributes for this fight. When you've reduced the Dark Inferno's HP by a certain amount, it powers up. This happens in two stages throughout the fight with his attack and speed amping up every time. These Form changes are permanent, and will not change throughout the battle. Focus on equipping Sora with high defense armor accessories. These will help combat against the high physical damage Dark Inferno can inflict on you during the battle. Check Out All Armor List! The Keyblade Wheel Of Fate from The Caribbean is one of the better weapons to use against Dark Inferno. It increases its range of attack when it transforms and also increases the number of your combos. It can be hard to manage your HP levels by using Curaga alone. Be sure to stock up on recovery items and equip them in your Shortcut menu so you're ready to heal when Curaga is on cooldown. Make sure to check that you've set your Guard move and your passive abilities before fighting Dark Inferno. Due to its high offensive power, it's best to counter it with guards and defensive abilities. Aerial Recovery - Press × after taking damage in the air to right yourself. Block Press □ to guard against frontal attacks. Risk Dodge After being blocked by an enemy, press the x button to dodge the incoming attack. When fighting Dark Inferno, it's best to use attack abilities that boost your combos - increasing your number of hits and the damage that you inflict. Dark Inferno only has few gap for you to attack it so your moves have to count. It's recommended to always keep your HP up when fighting against Dark Inferno. Use Curaga or healing items such as Potions & Elixirs. If you cannot heal in time, dodge and run away for a bit. Whenever you're able to activate a Keyblade transformation, be sure to activate it. These usually boost your attack power & will allow you to land powerful critical hits on Dark Inferno. Check Out Top Tips To Win In Battles! The Dark Inferno starts off his attacks with a flurry of attacks, enough to take out good portions of your HP. Anticipate this attack and dodge his rush as soon as the battle starts to avoid being at an disadvantage. At this stage, it's easier to attack Dark Inferno as it will have significant gaps between its offensive moves. You can also open him up for hits by blocking him then pressing ◯ to counterattack. When Dark Inferno summons spheres, it will disappear from the field. Focus on the timing where the spheres starts spinning fast to time your dodge and blocks. When Dark Inferno hits you with a launch attack, you can counteract his follow up sword attack by blocking then dodging. Compared to its normal state, Dark Inferno will hit you almost immediately after it launches you in the air so it's best to counter then dodge. Dark Inferno stays still in one spot when it's doing its ranged attacks. Jump and hit him from above, allowing you to avoid the ranged attack and inflicting damage from the air. Dark Inferno's Purple Aura moves around quite fast, making it hard to connect your hits. When you do land a hit, it's best to use a Keyblade transformation then hit Dark Inferno again. You can deal more damage this way. Countering Dark Inferno becomes harder when it activates its Red Aura. You can use the same tactic of countering after it implements its ranged attack but it gets harder this time around. When Dark Inferno has its Red Aura, it cannot be damaged anymore by counter attacks after a block. Since guards are virtually useless at this stage, take its HP down with dodges & normal attacks. At this stage, it gets increasingly more difficult to land a hit on Dark Inferno. Keep in mind to activate your Keyblade transformations manually to make sure every hit that connects will count. Dark Inferno charges at you after a slash attack. This cannot be guarded against so it's best to dodge sideways to avoid getting hit. When the launch attack hits you, the best way to minimize damage is to do aerial recovery then dodge. Dark Inferno is capable of using guard as well. You can see it block your attacks by crossing its two swords together. When it guards, be careful of its slash attack when you make to attack it. Dark Inferno has an attack that summons spheres of light. These will home in on you twice. It's best to glide around or dodge right when they're about to hit you. This wide-range attack spreads around Dark Inferno in a sweeping circle. Jump and glide above to avoid taking damage as you can get stunned if you're hit by this move. This time, Dark Inferno will do 2 slash attacks before it charges towards you. Guard the first slash then dodge twice to avoid this attack. This move will add another slash attack before the downward attack. It's best to dodge these attacks then counter after the 2nd slash attack. When Dark Inferno crosses its swords, it does not receive any damage when you attack it. Don't be aggressive and wait for it to uncross its swords to avoid getting hit by a slash attack. At this stage, there'll be 3 rounds of homing spheres that will chase after you. Avoid them by gliding or dodging right before they're about to hit you. You can dodge this move by simply jumping and gliding in the air. You won't be able to hit Dark Inferno even when it's standing still when its Purple Aura is activated. If you get hit by all of these attacks, more than half of your HP will diminish. It's recommended to guard or dodge this set of moves or use glide to escape Dark Inferno. It's possible to counter Dark Inferno when he does this set of moves. It's best to guard, dodge the following slash attacks, then counter Dark Inferno. Observe Dark Inferno's movements when it puts its guard up again. Be careful not to attack as it may suddenly do a counter slash attack on you. This attack generally does not change from the Purple Aura version. However, Dark Inferno may show up to hit you during this stage so it's best to avoid getting hit by jumping up and gliding. Be careful and avoid this attack by gliding. If you get hit, you will be stunned and you can get KO-ed instantly. The Crystal Regalia is one of the best accessories in the game. It boosts both your strength & magic stats greatly, increasing your AP, and giving you the best ability in recovering your MP - MP Hastega."	
"2019-04-25T06:07:38Z"	
"https://gamewith.net/kingdomhearts3/article/show/5245"
"Ready for some pancakes with abs and cheesy thyme? Prep your cauliflower, spring onion, and thyme by cutting the cauliflower into florets, slicing the spring onion into small slices, and ripping the thyme off of the stems. In a food processor, rice the cauliflower by pulsing it until a crumbly texture is formed. Add the spring onion, thyme, and collard greens to the mixture and continue pulsing until everything is well combined. Scoop the mixture out into a large mixing bowl. Add the 1 Cup Mozzerella Cheese, 1/3 Cup Parmesan Cheese, 2 Large Eggs, 1 Tbsp. Sesame Seed, 1 Tbsp. Olive Oil, 1 tsp. Garlic Powder, 1/2 tsp. Black Pepper, and 1/2 tsp. Salt. Mix everything together well until a loose batter is formed. Heat your waffle iron until it’s ready to go, then spoon mixture onto waffle iron evenly. Let the waffle cook as per manufacturers instructions. Remove from waffle iron and serve hot! This makes 4 total serving, each serving coming out to 203.25 Calories, 15.38g Fats, 5.86g Net Carbs, and 14.99g Protein."	
"2019-04-25T20:11:47Z"	
"https://oneearthhealth.com/blogs/keto-recipes/cheesy-thyme-waffles"
"We are Dawlish Coasters. A friendly, inclusive running club with mixed ability runners. We run together for 1 hour from Dawlish Leisure Centre at 6.30pm on Tuesday and Thursday evenings. You do not have to attend every training night but if you do we ask you to be there by 6.20pm latest. Each training run is led by a trained leader or coach. We vary the routes as the elements allow using the beautiful environment Dawlish and the surrounding area has to offer. Our training runs sometimes incorporate sprints, hill work and strength building but often we just run. We have runners of all abilities in our club. Our faster runners will always loop back and collect our ‘improvers’. They do not mind, they just love to run! If you are unsure about your running capabilities please get in touch via our ‘contact us’ page on this site. We understand that joining a running club can sometimes be daunting, so we invite you to run with us a couple of times to see if you like us before you join. Guest runners from other clubs or keen runners on holiday are also welcome. We ask you for a donation of £1 to join us on a club night please."	
"2019-04-20T00:41:29Z"	
"https://www.dawlishcoasters.com/"
"Created to purge your skin of any blemishes and acne, this Purifying Mask is highly concentrated in plant ingredients and two types of clay that work to soak up impurities, diminish the appearance of pores and remove dead skin cells. This product offers remarkable results, revealing the complexion’s true radiance without drying the skin. Apply twice a week for 10 minutes. Rinse."	
"2019-04-25T20:36:22Z"	
"http://www.essentialdayspa.com/caudalie-purifying-mask--p_18418.htm"
"This beautiful Lambswool herringbone poncho is perfect for adding instant glamour to any outfit. The poncho has a flattering neckline with the oversize collar, and is darted over the shoulder to sit well. The poncho is lined with a luxury satin lining and finished with real bone buttons. A great tweed poncho for many occasions, from a day at the races, to a stroll to your local country pub."	
"2019-04-24T05:53:35Z"	
"https://www.julianroad.com/collections/harris-tweed-ponchos/products/camel-lambswool-herringbone-poncho"
"I have been living and working in Médecins Sans Frontières’ hospital since the clashes began in March. I’ve only been able to leave the hospital twice since then. The first time was to refer a patient to a specialised hospital as his life was in danger. Thankfully, he is now alive and well. The second time was to participate in the burial of a dear friend who had died. He was an administrative employee in a local hospital but was working as a volunteer to provide first aid to the injured. One day, he was transferring an injured patient to the hospital. The car was going fast—there was no ambulance and they were using an open pickup. My friend fell from the car and was taken to a hospital. I was not able to visit him, as I was busy here; we were receiving many cases and it was important for me to stay in order to supervise the nurses, nursing assistants, cleaning staff, and others. On the third day after his injury, I received news of his death. The second time I went outside the hospital was to say farewell to my friend and participate in the burial. He was a pleasant, hard-working and brave person. My family left with our neighbours to an area outside Aden for their own safety. I wasn’t able to see them or say goodbye. My house is not far from the hospital, about 3km away, but it feels like thousands of kilometres. I cannot go and check if everything is OK there. I heard from some neighbours that our neighbourhood has been affected by shells, but I don’t know the condition of my house. Is it locked? Have the windows been broken? Has it been robbed? All I do is work and eat and take some rest if I can. Often, I try to sleep but am woken by an emergency and have to make sure everything is going as planned in order to receive the injured. We are still receiving significant numbers of patients despite the fact that many have difficulties reaching the hospital. Some patients told me they had to pay 10 times [more] for transport compared with prices before the clashes, so they are the ones who make it to the hospital. So, for a trip that used to cost 500 Yemeni rials (about $2.50), some people are now paying 5,000-6,000 rials to come to the hospital. This amount is difficult to afford in the current circumstances, especially as so many people have not received their salaries due to the bank and post offices and foreign exchange centres being closed, and the extreme difficulty of movement in the city. Food and water are additional problems, besides fuel shortages and the deteriorating security situation in Aden. Some of my neighbours say that they are taking two meals and sometimes only one meal a day after having to wait in long queues to buy food. It is the same problem with water, with people having to queue with jerry cans. We are facing all this in the hot summer of Aden, which gets hotter every day. Though we usually have food for the people in the hospital, sometimes we face problems providing it as we cannot go out. Restaurants and grocery stores are closed in areas where there are clashes. Our biggest fear is that the fighting will surround the hospital. Many times, when the clashes intensify, we go down to the basement. But this creates a different problem. Before we save ourselves, we move the patients who are in beds near windows to a safe place. This has happened many times. We hear the sound of gunshots and shelling or air strikes and we move all the patients to safe areas before finding a safe place for ourselves. Windows at the hospital have been broken more than once and bullets have entered, but no one has been hurt inside the hospital. Some of our medical team in Aden have lost family members due to the fighting. Some have lost a father, a brother, a friend. Sometimes members of the team leave the hospital to check on their families and we hear nothing about them for a week or two due to the bad telecommunications coverage or the unstable security situation, which forces them to stay home. I have no idea how long things will stay like this. I am very sad to see what has happened to Aden. A friend of mine tells me that I will not believe my eyes if I go to the Crater district of Aden now. Crater is my favourite place in Aden and I have many beautiful memories of being there. We have to forget about our pain and motivate ourselves to continue working and providing healthcare to patients. As for the ceasefire we heard so much about, we have not felt it here in Aden."	
"2019-04-20T18:47:58Z"	
"https://blogs.msf.org/de/node/15186"
"Lunge, leap, and lift in all-new 360 stretch performance fabric. This hybrid of underwear and leggings acts as layer zero, featuring targeted micro mesh ventilation zones, and a bonded utility pocket for your valuables (keys, smartphone, cash, Tylenol, etc.). By far one of Tommy John's most innovative products, this collection is unlike any other performance underwear on the market. Prevents riding up. No wedgies. Nestles the boys. No adjustment needed."	
"2019-04-18T11:19:59Z"	
"https://tommyjohn.com/collections/all-mens-collections/products/360-sport-3-4-legging"
"Stuart is the CTO and Co-founder of You.i TV, and the creator of the technology on which the company is based, You.i Engine. It is the first user interface engine designed and built from the ground up with the needs of TV in mind. An expert in optimized computer rendering algorithms and physics, Stuart is more than just a software engineer or designer – he is a software innovator. Stuart has invented and patented software technology, and has more patents pending for user interface performance and capabilities on low level hardware. With over 20 years of coding experience on an incomparable variety of platforms, he has pushed the envelope of performance and user experience on mobile devices. He has developed custom 2D and 3D low level libraries that give unmatched performance from limited platforms such as Smartphones and Windows Mobile PDAs. His expertise includes over 15 programming and scripting languages as well as more than a decade of hardware design and testing experience."	
"2019-04-24T00:42:46Z"	
"https://www.intxshow.com/speaker-profile/521/"
"FREDERICTON– Nearly 7,000 immigrants entered the province’s workforce between 2011 and 2016, contributing about $168 million annually to the provincial budget, according to an economic impact study conducted by Jupia Consultants for the New Brunswick Multicultural Council (NBMC). Alex LeBlanc, executive director of NBMC, says it’s difficult to show the exact impact of immigrants on the economy, so the report includes economic models and estimations based on various data sets from Statistics Canada. “What [the report] shows is that if they arrived between 2011 and 2016 and they were participating in the workforce to that extent, there really is a pretty quick integration into the workforce. And within that five-year period, people hit the ground running,” he said. According to the report, the contribution is based on more than $129 million of implied annual tax payments to the province, and federal transfer payments, which amounted to $4,200 per capita in 2017. The transfer payments “are almost entirely distributed based on population,” the report said. LeBlanc said with more than 64 per cent of the provincial budget relying on residents’ taxes, it’s necessary to grow the population. “If we’re going to have a plan for growing our economy and maintaining our public services, it has to be anchored in growing our population base,” he said. The report also found that the 6,960 immigrants plus more than 900 international students have a direct impact of $516 million to the province’s GDP. This doesn’t include contributions from immigrant-owned businesses. “It also doesn’t include the significant resources that immigrants often bring with them to support their early stage settlement. And it doesn’t include other forms of investment [from governments],” LeBlanc said. Overall, including indirect and induced effect, recent immigrants and international post-secondary students support 11,680 jobs. Last year, 4,610 permanent residents came to New Brunswick, according to data from Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC). While the number was slightly higher in 2016 due to the influx of Syrian refugees, LeBlanc says 2018’s number shows a different significance. “This is an unprecedented level of economic immigration to New Brunswick, meaning that people are coming here with an attachment to the workforce,” he said. In Canada, economic immigrants are people who are selected for their skills, including language proficiency, and ability to contribute to the country’s economy. They include skilled workers, business immigrants, provincial nominees and live-in caregivers, among others. Fredericton continues to be the top destination for newcomers to New Brunswick, receiving 1,470 immigrants last year. Moncton, which has boosted efforts to increase immigration in recent years, follows closely behind with 1,440. Saint John received 835 immigrants. Bathurst, Miramichi, Edmundston and Campbellton saw fewer than 100 newcomers each last year. Newcomers are also doing better in the labour market, the report said. In December 2018, there were 7,900 more immigrants in New Brunswick’s labour force compared to December 2013 – a 54 per cent increase. Around 7,700 of them were working, marking a 57 per cent increase since 2013 and the highest in the last 100 years in New Brunswick. More than 80 per cent of those working held full-time jobs. The labour market participation rate of recent immigrants also increased from 57.1 per cent in 2013 to 80 per cent in 2018. At the same time, the number of people born in Canada that are active in the labour force dropped by 18,400. The higher number of newcomers that came to New Brunswick wasn’t enough to offset this loss, “it only blunted the blow,” LeBlanc said. “The only segment of the workforce that’s growing is the immigrant segment. So people need to understand that one of the fundamental reasons why we’re trying to attract people to our province is because we need the workers,” said Jupia Consultants president David Campbell. The provincial government’s labour market forecast now predicts there will be approximately 120,000 job vacancies in the next 10 years. Because of this, the NBMC says 1 per cent of population growth annually needs to come from immigration. That’s around 7,500 newcomers a year. “That figure, 1 per cent of growth, would be more or less what the national average is, so we’re really not striving for anything that’s unachievable or unreasonable here,” LeBlanc said. With immigration up 26 per cent from 2017 to 2018, NBMC wants to see more investments in settlement agencies and community services through municipalities, and others. The province currently invests $8.3 million in its Population Growth Division, which leads newcomer attraction, integration and retention efforts. “We can’t increase the intake and expect a better result without investing. If we want to retain more people, it’s not going to happen on its own. We have to make sure that the supports are in place so that the employers have the support they need, and spouses and children integrate well,” LeBlanc said. The NBMC is also pushing for a clearer and faster way to recognize foreign professional credentials for newcomers. It also wants to see a “very clear and intentional” plan on immigration for rural and francophone communities, and an “ambitious strategy” to retain international students. “They represent a major opportunity for the province both in terms of driving and fueling our post-secondary institutions but also in terms of growing our workforce,” he said."	
"2019-04-25T12:24:16Z"	
"https://huddle.today/report-says-newcomers-contribute-168-million-to-provincial-budget-each-year/?fbclid=IwAR1zQ40jwb7TcJofm4BE2U2Ngt0hEzMCamX-z8HndzRj1F-yua2xCeVlYLI"
"Download a standard PAGB booking form. In recent years there has been a tendency for clubs to deviate from using the standard booking forms and change to an email based booking system. Whilst we still recommend using a standard form, if you deviate from this as a club, you must ensure that the Lecturer or Judge receives all the information that is on the standard booking form. Lecturers and Judges who do not receive adequate information may decline the booking. Simply sending an email is not enough – you must ensure that you have also received a reply in order to ensure that your booking is made securely. From time to time clubs like to create a flyer or a blog post about a forthcoming lecture, illustrated by an image by the guest speaker. Please ensure that you ask permission of the speaker and don’t just take an image from his/her website. Most speakers will supply an image or two if asked! Reminders should be sent at least 10 days before the event. Please ensure that your Judge/Lecturer knows how to get to your venue, where to park and that final arrangements are made. When should expenses be agreed? The club must ensure that all expenses are agreed at the time of booking. What may Judges and Lecturers charge? Listed L&CPU Judges and Lecturers are restricted to charges set by the PAGB below. Fees. In the L&CPU, our approved lecturers and judges do not charge a fee in addition to their travel expenses. Some other organisations make lectures and workshops available for Clubs, where the cost may be partly or wholly covered by sponsorship. Details are in some Federation and the PAGB Handbooks. Clubs may engage judges and lecturers not listed by a Federation or the PAGB on any mutually accepted terms. These should be agreed at the time of booking. The L&CPU judges list is now divided up into sections. PAGB judges are those who have been invited to be listed on the PAGB’s own Judges List. They are judges who have experience of judging at higher level than club internal competitions. This would include judging at federation and/or Open Exhibition level. It is desirable that they are exhibitors themselves and are conversant with current standards and quality at open Exhibition level. Accredited Judges are those who have taken part in the accreditation scheme and have received positive feedback from clubs – they have also attended a seminar or judge training session since the scheme was introduced. Standard Judges are those who have not been through the accreditation scheme. Many of these judges are very experienced. The accreditation scheme is voluntary for all but new judges. New judges are added to the list from time to time and they appear in a separate listing so that clubs are aware that they have recently joined the list. All new judges will have been selected at a training session and will be expected to take part in the accreditation scheme. As the accreditation scheme is not compulsory for all judges, please only give feedback for those judges who request it. Where possible, keep a parking space free for your guest, close to the entrance. Please have someone to meet your speaker and help with carrying boxes/equipment. Please ensure that there is also someone available at the end of the meeting to give whatever help is needed. Please offer a drink beforehand and at any interval. Most lecturers and judges prefer to have their expenses paid in cash. Cheques for small amounts can be a nuisance, especially if the person’s bank is several miles away. Ensure that a formal vote of thanks is given at the end of the meeting. Ensure that the lecturer/judge does not have to ask for his/her expenses! Lecturers and judges are encouraged to report to the Lecturers and Judges Secretary any disregard of these conditions."	
"2019-04-22T03:18:17Z"	
"http://lcpu.org/lcpu-booking-judges-and-lecturers/"
"Very Long Post Ahead. Here it is - that time again. This End of the Year Survey hosted by The Perpetual Page-Turner has remained a favorite of mine to look forward to every year. It's enjoyable to reflect back on the past twelves month and what I've read, picking out my favorites, the quirks, the hit or miss moments. If you're curious on my answers from previous months, check out 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015. 2016 has been another excellent year with reading. I passed my Goodreads goal (the highest set yet), and although I doubt I can do it every year depending on what's going on, for the first time I went over 200 books. I remember when I barely made 100, then 150, now this. I focused on trying to get a number of books done per month (17) and making up for months when I was short of the goal other times. As always it was a fun year of reading - I discovered new favorite authors, finished some series I wanted to get through, discovered some new 2016 reads, and had general fun participating in some team challenges on GR. Yearly Challenges Participated In: On the blog, 13. On Goodreads, four team challenges and multiple individual challenges. I can never, ever name just one. I read several five stars this year - I'm not including re-reads for this one. Book you were excited about and thought you'd love more but didn't? With this book's classic reputation and plot synopsis, I thought it would be a sure thing to enjoy this book. Sadly I ended up irritated part of the time, bored the other, and only intrigued a few snatched chapters in between. The writing style is fine, but the characters were a turn-off, the pacing too slow, and I didn't like the message or themes of the story. Legacy of the Demon by Diana Rowland - after enjoying the last sequel so much, I was excited about the new release in 2016. It was a three star rating, but not as much oomph as some of the others in the series. Strangewood by Christopher Golden looked fascinating but it wasn't a fun intro to the author. I was walking along Robert McCammon's horror trail and enjoying myself, but The Night Boat sunk my expectations. The Nightingale didn't live up to the hype and reputation either. Another disappointment was how much I loved the other books in the December People series, but the 2016 release of A Taste of Death and Honey didn't satisfy me nearly as much as the ones that came before it. Most surprising (in a good or bad way) book you read in 2016? In a good way, The Lord of the Flies ended up being an excellent classic that impressed me with its heavy themes, well-done writing and thought-provoking ending. It has mixed reviews, but I have to say I'm a fan and the book hasn't left me since I've read it. A re-read was 'The Exorcist', which I tried to re-read last year after over 15 years since my last read. I found the writing style dry and didn't pick up again until this year. Once I got past the distant first quarter, the book became excellent and hard to put down. A book you "pushed" the most people to read in 2016? I convinced a few people to give the book Dead Sea a chance, and sort of funny, but a book I read two years ago (Evil by Richard O'Brien) was picked up by my review and comments for two new people this year, who bought and reviewed the book afterward. I also pushed two people toward the Kelley Armstrong Bitten series as I was discovering and gushing over it myself this year. HARRY POTTER - Yes, I finally read this series and became a huge fan. Even bought its box set and a Harry figurine. WOMEN OF THE OTHERWORLD - Purchased and read all of these this year, excellent series with an unique premise. THE INNKEEPER by Ilona Andrews - Read these three this year (fun series with Andrews' usual talented style, humor, and well-crafted scenes. BURN FOR ME by Ilona Andrews - Let's just say the book was so good it blew me away as a top favorite in that genre, and it may rival my love of the Kate Daniels series if it keeps going as strongly. Best series ender in 2016? That would be the final book in the Society of Gentlemen by K.J. Charles as mentioned above. Also I have to give major kudos to Spook Squad, which ended the long-running PsyCop series by Jordan Castillo Price. It wasn't released in 2016, though, so it may not count for this category other than personal experience and new-to-me stuff. Favorite new author in 2016? Edward Lorn impressed me with his writing style in Bay's End, and I'm excited to read more of Greg Gifune's work in the near future. Both are dark drama, thriller and horror authors I'm itchy to read more of. T.J. Klune's writing style blew me away in the M/M romance Wolfsong, although I won't gravitate toward all her works because some of the themes aren't up my alley the way her other paranormal stuff is. Newcomer Katherine Arden gives me high hopes for her future novels, of which I'll definitely read, especially if they involve surreal concepts and fairy tales again. Sam Argent delighted me with her writing style as well in Family of Lies: Sebastian. Best book from a genre typically out of your comfort zone? I rarely read non-fiction about a biography of animals or cats (despite being a huge animal lover), but it was a delightful new experience to read Dewey's story. Most..action-packed/thrilling/unputdownable book of the year? Ultimately I'm going to give the gold star to Children of Chaos by Greg Gifune, a hard to book down novel that kept the tension high, the scenes dark, and the outcome brutally powerful, and a second gold star to Bait by J. Kent Messum - excellent books with sharks battling addicts on an island controlled by madmen. Excellent and a rush. I already had to re-read A Boy and His Dragon, which delighted me with it's slow build-up and sweet love story. The big winner for a re-read that WILL happen soon in anticipation for the next of the series release is Burn for Me by Ilona Andrews. Love that book and have a feeling I'll be re-reading a few times. Favorite Book Cover of a book you read in 2016? Most Memorial Character of 2016? Harry Potter and the crew stood out with their series for good reason. Peter Pan, the boy who will never grow up, impressed me with his hope and tragedy. For new releases, definitely The Bear and the Nightingale. For releases before 2016 but new to me, I'm going to throw kudos out to Bay's End by Edward Lorn for haunting nostalgic feel with poetic impressions, Algernon Blackwood's The Willows, Khaled Hosseni's The Kite Runner, TJ Klune's Wolf Song, and Naomi Novik's Uprooted. Most thought provoking book read in 2016? The Kite Runner opened my eyes to different aspects of life I'm not used to - I think it's the first time I've read a book from the point of view of an Afghanistan. The Pearl irritated me because it reiterated that you should try for what makes you happy; you only live once. Book you can't believe you waited till 2016 to finally read? Longest is Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix at 870 pages. Shortest is Blackwater Lake by Maggie James at 98 Pages. Actually, not really any this year. No shock endings or twist surprises. I was saddened and dismayed by a death at the end of The Cabinet of Curiosities that I didn't see coming. Through the Grinder had a heartbreaking and surprise ending. There can never be JUST one. I loved the bond between Clay and Jeremy, as well as Elena and Jeremy. One close-knit created family. Bait by J. Kent Messum - not peer pressure, but seemed like most of my friends were suddenly reading and review it at the same time. I don't realize half the time that a book is an author's debut. Ones I do know are Family of Lies: Sebastian and The Bear and the Nightingale by Katherine Arden. Both well written. I like how involved and varied the supernatural world is in the Women of the Otherworld series. I like the use of ghosts, necromancy and ghouls in the Night Huntress series. Of course, the creepy world building for the Dead Sea was imaginative and chilling. /the most fun to read? The ending of The Cabinet of Curiosities depressed me with a character death. I cried during a death scene in Wolf Song. I got a teary-eyed in The Kite Runner. A little bit of tears at the end of my re-read of Seeds of Yesterday. I found the end of Through the Grinder the most depressing. Saddest was probably the end of Bay's End, although the author warned of what was coming. Falling Angel is an oldie but unique book in the hardboiled detective genre. I was annoyed at some deaths at the end of Children of Chaos. I joined a few team challenges on Goodreads that I had a lot of fun with - W.O.B.B.L.E.S. was the winner for the most enjoyable, long-running team challenge. I didn't have a huge moment offline like I did in 2014 (meeting a favorite author) and 2015 (visiting Goodreads office on free San Francisco trip), but I did enjoy myself reading. I was accepted as a moderator for the first time on a few Goodreads groups - A Million More Pages and Got Books? Post you wish got more love? Best bookish discovery (sites, stores, etc)? One book you didn't get to in 2016 but will be a priority in 2017? Book you are most anticipating in 2017 that is a non-debut? Definitely the next of the Burn for me series - supposed to be two of them! I don't keep track of debuts, I just run into them. One thing you hope to accomplish/do in blogging or reading life in 2017? I want to start setting a special night aside to review books every week and not get so behind."	
"2019-04-20T10:56:07Z"	
"http://www.paperbackstash.com/2016/12/2016-end-of-year-survey.html"
"Daniel has been an active member of the Central Alberta Photographic Society for the past five years. He has been appointed as Competition Director for the past three years and has taken the CAPA (Canadian Association for Photographic Art) judging course. As an advanced photographer, Daniel has facilitated a number of presentations including: Lightroom Basics, High Dynamic Range (HDR) and Focus Stacking (in near future). Since retiring, Daniel has continued to follow his enthusiasm for photography with his digital camera. He has participated in various photography competitions over the past five years and has quickly progressed from the novice division to the advanced division. He has been awarded with many Certificates in an assortment of competition categories. Additionally, Daniel has also won first place trophies in the Corrigan and the President’s Choice competitions. He has been awarded “Photographer of the Year” for the last two years and is striving to achieve this honor once again this year. He very much enjoys the challenge of integrating various techniques and styles into his artistic process. He is known for his attention to detail, persistence, and dedication to get the “perfect shot”, especially when photographing wildlife and landscapes. Sandra is currently a photographic Artist; and been evolved in some form of Art her entire life. Born on the Prairies, she spent her childhood growing up in Calgary, where a deep love of Alberta’s nature and wanting to capture it artistically became a passion. Sandra’s style would fall into the romantic, pictorialist style of photography of the late 1800’s. Her picture create a mood, an impression, or a feeling upon observing her work. She encourages the viewer to interact with the image to create your own story from one of her images. Shannon is a nature and wildlife photographer living in Alberta,Canada. She feels fortunate to live in one of the most beautiful and diverse Provinces in Canada. Shannon spends a lot of time in the Rocky Mountains which are just a short drive to the west of her home, she also photographs the prairies and badlands that are just to the east and south of her home. She enjoys making images of creatures great and small, but says bears and owls are some of her favorite subjects. Shannon's work has been awarded in the advanced division by the Central Alberta Photographic Society for the past 4 years in various competitions, sold commercially and also for private collections. Rick Price is a professional freelance photographer who has photographed more than 700 weddings as well as most aspects of portrait and commercial photography over the last 20 years in and around Red Deer. He provides a relaxed and fun atmosphere of traditional, casual and freestyle poses. Rick provides a balance of quality craftsmanship combined with leading technology. Rick's generosity and willingness to share his knowledge with our club members has been a real asset to our club. Rick's favorite saying is "a kiss of light". You can visit his website by clicking here. As a founding member of C.A.P.S., Curtiss has been involved in photography for many years. There is not a lot photographic techniques that he hasn't attempted. Curtiss spent his first years in film, both 35mm and medium format, color, slide and black & white. He as done all his own processing in darkroom and now digital processing. Curtiss enjoys most landscapes, architecture, low light, still life, etc (except people), and is best at flora and fauna. The last couple of years he has been involved in classic autos. He really enjoy the different angles, curves and reflections. Scotty started taking photographs when his grandmother gave him a Brownie 127 box camera for his tenth birthday. He was exposed to developing photos in a dark room when attending boarding school in England. His interest in photography expanded when he spent time in the high artic over two summers. He took over 1,000 slides while working there and he has now converted the slides into a power point presentation called “A Time before Global Warming”. Since joining CAPS, Scotty has expanded his interest in photography spending many hours capturing stills of wildlife. He has recently expanded his interest in photography into macro photography and is also working on creating splash images and abstract images. The ability to look at the world through the portal of a camera lens and capturing images that the eye only fleetingly sees continues to fascinate him and it provides him with the desire to keep on improving his knowledge and understanding of photography and what the camera can perform while seeing many fascinating images of the fantastic world we live in. Scotty is currently the secretary and newsletter writer for CAPS and has provided several presentations of his work to the club along with editing raw images in Photoshop Element 9 Raw Editor. He recently took the CAPA judging course and is keen to put into practice what he has learned. Larry is the current president of CAPS. His main interests are portraiture and landscape photography. When Larry has a few moments he can be found reading technical books on photography, and computers. Who knows why, but he has read his camera manuals a minimum of three times. Larry assists his daughter (Christi) whenever she has a portrait shoot (usually in Larry's home). He taught last years Beginners Photography Course at CAPS and is teaching our Photoshop Elements class for 2013. Familiar with several image enhancing programs ranging from CS6 to Corel Photopaint he loves to tweak the image in his computer. When he is not working or involved with CAPS, Larry loves to spend time with his wife, three children and seven (almost 9) grandchildren."	
"2019-04-19T10:25:30Z"	
"http://www.centralalbertaphotographicsociety.com/gallery-members-master.html"
"Homepage › Member › Iron Man. Hi! I'm Hina! I'm hoping to be a fantasy writer one day, but I find myself writing fanfics for animated films, cartoons, animes, and tv shows instead. All of my stories are on hold unless I get inspiration for them."	
"2019-04-26T10:40:24Z"	
"http://www.mibba.com/Member/226646/"
"[Weekly 4koma] Can you see the crazy? Original character, Yuukin! It may not be February, but love is still in the air. Any girl would be excited for Christmas because that’s when boyfriends prove their worth! But there are always worries that go along with a season that makes you think of love – does he like me, is he being faithful, do we spend enough time together? Honestly, the only solution to all of these problems is to lock him up and tie him to a chair to make sure you two will be together… FOREVER! Moving on from all of the tsundere, we are happy to introduce another original character, Yuukin Aikyou. She is just like any other girl – caring, loving, sweet and will make sure that she does whatever is necessary to keep you two together. Hear that? Whatever is necessary. Yanderes are most commonly characterized by their crazy side, be it in love or otherwise. Check out this 4koma for a first hand example. Watch out, because Yuu is possessive of everything. But our yandere, Yuukin, did not gain this personality by chance. Her father was often away on business trips which left her mother always alone. To make matters worse, her mother did not understand Japanese and ended up ostracized from her community due to her foreign appearance. Over the years she developed a tendency to go into hysterical fits of depression and anxiety because of her isolation. All the meanwhile, their daughter grew up with misaligned values and a warped idea of what love is. It seems like Yuu gained these “yanderu” tendencies by absorbing the negative emotions of her household, which eventually fell apart right before she got into middle school. It’s certainly ironic that their family name is Aikyou (愛嬌), which means attractive and pleasant. Previous story Do you REALLY know what a Magic Circle is?"	
"2019-04-23T17:58:19Z"	
"http://dereproject.com/4koma/weekly-4koma-can-you-see-the-crazy-original-character-yuukin-aikyou/"
"Today’s blogger is Amy Norton, our behind-the-scenes editor. If word choice were an Olympic sport, she’d get the gold. Thanks to Amy for writing today’s post on the newest fashion destination in Nashville: Anthropologie Shoes and Accessories. What is it about spending a little time in Anthropologie that seems to soothe the soul? Mine, anyway. Whenever I need a pick-me-up (i.e. Winter 2011 – all of it), a quick spin through this favorite haunt always seems to lift my spirits. Doesn’t matter if I leave with the smallest of trinkets –maybe a candle or new pair of earrings– or an entire outfit purchased in anticipation of a new season. Although I might skulk in as Madame Frump, I always skip out feeling a little bit new again. And discovering a different way to reframe myself makes me happy to contemplate the contents of my closet again. Having just attended the grand opening of Anthropologie’s Shoes and Accessories Boutique in the Mall at Green Hills last week, I’m thrilled to know that all of my discretionary spending will now be trackable to one place. (Who needs groceries anyway, right?) Since I was a child, I’ve had a fetish for accessories, and Anthro’s newest store is brimming with amazing adornments from all around the world (not to mention our own back yard) in the form of jewelry, handbags, scarves, belts and shoes. Anything you need to elevate your standard issue jeans-and tee from “wah” to “wow” can be found here. Just take a seat on the emerald green velvet divan in the shoe gallery and soak up the visual feast of all the baubles around you and you’ll see what I mean. Vintage sunglasses. Never worn, discovered in a warehouse by an enterprising buyer. How about a little old fashioned needlepoint as a case for your iPhone? Love it. Whimsy and design courtesy of Virginia Johnson. Whether it’s vintage jewelry or custom handbags designed exclusively for the company, Katherine’s buyers literally travel the globe in search of the treasures they know their customers want. Says Katherine, “From Nepal to Ecuador, we find artisans in the craziest places creating amazing things…and the cohesive nature of our collection comes from knowing our clientele and buying for their particular aesthetic.” Note: 20% of the merchandise in the Nashville store is unique to this city, and 50% is unique to Anthropologie. So if you’ve ever wondered how a chain retailer can have stores dotted across the globe and feel different in each locale, now you know why. A Case Study in Vintage Jewelry You’ll Only Find in Nashville. Reminds me of things I have from my grandmother’s jewelry box, only better. No pinchy clip-on earrings. Anthropologie Accessories offers jewelry lines from six local designers, one of whom is Kari Beth, pictured here by a display of her vintage jewelry. And if she looks familiar, that may be because you’ve shopped with her at the Anthro store in the Hill Center. Worlds collide! Company-wide, from the designers, to the buyers to the sales associates, Anthropologie focuses on making the impossible find possible and offers endless and as-yet unimagined possibilities for creative self-expression. Sounds more like an art gallery than a retail chain, right? Precisely. Insider Shopping Tip: We’re told to always ask if there’s stock in the back not out on display. Anthropologie constantly receives new merchandise. All you have to do is ask what’s new. Don’t miss the StyleBlueprint huge $1,500 giveaway this week featuring Jamie, AshBlue, Judith Bright and H. Audrey as we celebrate Lexus Nashville Fashion Week. For details, click here."	
"2019-04-21T20:10:20Z"	
"https://styleblueprint.com/nashville/everyday/anthropologie-ethos/"
"Browse our collection of handpicked valentine quotes for mom here. Send the best valentine quotes for mom to your loved ones! ♥♥Honestly the only people I trust is my mom and my dog. Have no expectations on people then you won’t be disappointed. ♥♥I have many valentines. My mom and my sister and my directors. I got calls from all of them. And my friends. I respect what Valentine’s Day stands for because it is about love. ♥♥Seven billion people, apart from my mom you’re my favorite. ♥♥She is strength, She is beauty, She is love…She is my Mom and I love her more than words can say. ♥♥The person who has inspired me my whole life is my Mom, because she taught me commitment. She sacrificed."	
"2019-04-22T15:01:01Z"	
"http://valentinequotes-2016.com/valentine-quotes-for-mom/"
"The massage controller runs the shoes and pads. The device comes with 12 different massage modes/stimulations. The machine comes with an additional cable which allows you to massage two people at the same time or to use 4 pads or 6 pads on your body at the same time. The controller runs off a lithium battery that does not need to be replaced and once fully charged will give you 15 plus massage hours. The device works on a frequency of 1 to 100 MHz. The massage pads are designed to send bioelectrical pulses through the body to effectively ease the pain and fatigue of the area. They are easily applied around the body and is very practical for those who sit behind a computer or desk all day. It is also suitable for people who travel a lot to ease tension in their shoulders and neck. The size of the pads allow you stick them all over the body except for your temples and heart, so it is great for any injury. The massage belt works on the exact same principles as the pads, however it covers a larger area of the body . Therefore its fantatstic for lower to upper back problems, ITB, pulled hamstring or calf muscles or if you want tone up those tummy muscles. It comes with a velcro strap so once its strapped firmly around the area you wont even know its there."	
"2019-04-20T14:35:34Z"	
"http://ismartsa.co.za/ismart-massagers/"
"Southbank Centre is a world-famous arts centre on the South Bank of the Thames. Created in 1951 for the Festival of Britain, Southbank Centre draws on its heritage as a festival site, with art and activities inside and outside. Every year, thousands of musicians and artists perform to millions of visitors, making this one of the most popular cultural destinations in the country. Queen Elizabeth Hall is the second largest venue on the Southbank Centre site, hosting some of the biggest names as well as emerging artists."	
"2019-04-25T12:11:17Z"	
"http://kso.org.uk/qeh/"
"I always loved those bubble topped cars of the 60's, well here is a bubble top of the 90's with a few mods! Starting with the Beatnik Bandit II, I dropped in a blown 427 form the 68 Corvette roadster kit. I widened the rear axle, added a rear spoiler and scratch-built a wheelie bar. Then I installed a custom rear valence/tail light set-up. I added white flocking to the ultra high tech interior. This is one wild little show rod!"	
"2019-04-19T14:43:39Z"	
"http://www.showrods.com/gallery_pages/beatnik_banditii2.html"
"Military architectural designs are often overlooked in vernacular architecture due to the widespread use of standardized plans at military installations. However, factors including climate in certain regions force the development of new designs for military bases that are better suited to local conditions. This is arguably the case for the Panama Houses of the former Charleston Navy Yard, which are an example of a vernacular building type imported from a foreign context. While scholars have looked from a broad perspective at the Navy Yard and the more prominent structures, no study has been completed considering the history and form of the Panama House. Bringing together architectural evidence from this group of buildings and U.S. housing in the former Panama Canal Zone, this study explores the origins of the Panama House and the factors that brought it to Charleston, ultimately positioning this vernacular form within the context of the region and United States military installations."	
"2019-04-22T04:46:51Z"	
"https://tigerprints.clemson.edu/all_theses/2681/"
"RIDGEFIELD PARK, N.J. – June 1, 2015 – Samsung Electronics America, Inc., Universal Pictures and Best Buy today announced its marketing partnership with Jurassic World, the long-awaited next installment of Steven Spielberg’s groundbreaking Jurassic Park series. Samsung will present exclusive content from the upcoming epic action-adventure exclusively on Samsung’s new SUHD TVs at more than 500 select Best Buy stores across the U.S. until the movie releases in theaters on June 12. In Jurassic World, audiences will see a special cameo of The Samsung Innovation Center. Thanks to Samsung’s featured UHD TVs, the displays in JURASSIC WORLD’s Visitors’ Center will be incredibly visually appealing. As part of the cross-platform partnership, Samsung will also present content from Jurassic World in its global SUHD TV campaign."	
"2019-04-22T16:59:31Z"	
"https://www.mariasspace.com/2015/06/best-buy-and-jurassic-park.html"
"Whether it be about your nutrition, hydration, preparation or challenging physical boundaries….never stop being willing to learn. What!?! There’s another season coming? Can I finish this one first? I didn’t die. And since we are still in the season, I am fairly confident I will accomplish this…there is still time though, there is one race left. Photography, I get inappropriate amounts of satisfaction documenting the pain faces of the racers in the categories following mine. The soul sucking Day 3 of BC Bike Race – Earls Cove to Sechelt with a blown rear hub. Mical Dyck, and I would make her pick up the check as payback for all the pain she has put me through! Approximately 32 minutes is the longest I have gone in a cx race without oxygen circulating through my body."	
"2019-04-21T03:19:07Z"	
"https://www.b78coaching.com/2014/10/sabrina-macleod/"
"was 157x220 pixels. To look for some pictures by collection are on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Idee Di Vedova Nera Da Colorare here. you will get information of the picture."	
"2019-04-21T04:27:11Z"	
"http://harmerandsonsplumbing.com/idee-di-vedova-nera-da-colorare/vedova-nera-da-colorare-con-disegni-di-spiderman-da-colorare-e-spiderman-72-m-157x220px-vedova-nera-da-colorare/"
"Next message: Beman Dawes: "Version 1.18.1 posted on web site" Previous message: jsiek_at_[hidden]: "Re: [boost] graph: different node/edge types?" Next in thread: David Abrahams: "Re: [boost] GCC 2.95.2 and <limits>" Reply: David Abrahams: "Re: [boost] GCC 2.95.2 and <limits>" 2.95.2 will pass more of the boost regression tests. GCC 3.0 "by the end of the year"."	
"2019-04-22T16:38:30Z"	
"https://lists.boost.org/Archives/boost/2000/10/5720.php"
"We aim to bring the Good News of Jesus Christ to the people of Fryerning. By providing opportunities to connect with God through regular worship of various styles, baptisms, confirmation, weddings, renewal of marriage vows and funerals, we seek to continue the life of this church. In partnership with St. Edmund and St. Mary Parish Church and active membership of the local Churches Together we seek to demonstrate the relevance of Christianity and to grow in faith and authentic discipleship. We endeavour to maintain and develop our church building for the use of our own and future generations."	
"2019-04-24T10:17:11Z"	
"http://www.eseltech.co.uk/fryerningchurch/html/mission.html"
"These badges represent a set of personalities useful in the field of services nearby. Thank to your relations in the network, it's possible to get as much as desired. Receive one of these badges, means that a relation has recommended a feature of your character. Badge Balanced : People with this badge are in harmony between out their workload and their personal stuff. It is obvious to them "Personal life should interfere rarely with the profesionnal life". Badge Communicative : People who received this badge have shown they excel the art of communication in a private sphere as well as in a business environment. Badge Direct : People with this badge have the particularity to go straight to the point with tact. "People who are direct keep their integrity by being honest towards others", Kobad Ghandy. Badge Endearing : Endearing people are very appreciated by their relations. This means that people with this badge are in very good position to be supported or to receive help. Badge Friendly : People with this badge have good human contact to make friends and to keep them. Their main qualities come from their listening and communication. Badge Funny : People who received this badge have shown that it easy to entertain people whether they are kids or adults. Badge Generous : Generosity isn't just about money, it's also giving his time and attention. People with this badge have these generous qualities that express their greatness of soul. Badge Helpful : Be helpful or help others are strong actions that Yoomken defends and promotes in the network. If a person help another one, the recipient should expect to do the same thing if the opportunity arises. The holders of this badge are responsive to people's needs and give the effort they can do to help hoping that one day the recipient will do the same. "It should help each other, it's the law of nature." Jean de la Fontaine. Badge Open mind : Open mind, it's to accept to meet opposed points of view and recognizing a certain value. Therefore, people with this badge clearly respect each other's differences. "The mind is like a parachute: it only works when it's open." Edgar Morin. Badge Receptive : Listening is the basis of all human relationships. This badge holders have well it understood, they are receptive to the needs of their interlocutor and act accordingly. "If a man has two ears and one mouth, is to listen twice more as he speak.", Samuel Beckett. Badge Solidary : Solidarity is a high value that Yoomken defends and promotes in the network. People with this badge have generous attentions to support a cause or a person in need. "The great thing about democracy is solidarity." Victor Hugo. Badge Availaible : People with this badge are concerned to keep being available and responding to all requests. Even when they are in downtime, they do the effort to call back. Badge Brilliant : People with this badge have proven they are remarkable in the tasks entrusted to them. Either by showing their understanding and adaptions to the needs of their customers or by providing a perfect result. Badge Creative : People with this badge are able to innovate, to find new ideas, designing a new product or to see solutions where everyone see barriers. "Being creative make often the difference between good operators and high-potential", Julien Lucas. Badge Dexterous : People with this badge recognized dexterous, have shown they practice with talent and skill their manual art. Badge Energic : The owners of this badge hold a high energy and motivation to get things done, not only for themselves but also for the people around them to give their personal best. Badge Fast : People with this badge act quickly. They are quick to arrive to the destination or to perform their duties very satisfactorily. Badge Flexible : Flexible people demonstrate an ability to adapt to circumstances such as an intervention out of their regular schedule or offering exclusive services. People with this badge have proven that we can count on them to adapt. Badge Green : Being green can be summarized in "3R" which are the three basic rules: reduce, reuse and recycle. People with this badge follow these rules and / or offer solutions that help to apply these rules. Badge Hard-working : People who have received this badge hold a large professional conscience. They are this kinds of people who give 100% to do a good work. Badge Organized : Organized people take the time to plan methodically their future tasks. This means people with this badge have control of their time and are better prepared to reach their goals. Badge Productive : People with this badge are known to have a good work performance. Badge Punctual : Being punctual has many facets such as showing up on time, completing their tasks before the deadline sets... People who received this badge master all of them."	
"2019-04-24T22:46:03Z"	
"http://yoomken.com/badges/personalities"
"Founded in 2008 by Lawrence Bartlett, Crane Corporation specialises in mobile crane hire, specialised transport, rigging and associated services such as CAD-rigging studies. We service the construction, mining and heavy manufacturing industries. The company has 13 years of experience and is registered at the Contractors Plant Hire Association. All our crane operators are certified and fully trained. Comprehensive safety procedures have also been put in place and are vigorously enforced. Through careful planning and maintenance, our equipment is kept in good working order and downtime to a minimum. We have an extensive fleet that includes some of the largest cranes in South Africa. Whether you need one or several cranes; whether you are conducting a 5T or a 1 000T lift; and, whether your lift is simple or complicated, Crane Corporation can provide the perfect solution for the job."	
"2019-04-24T14:26:54Z"	
"http://steelservices.co.za/services/crane-corporation"
"Founded in 2010, TICA’S has grown from its humble beginnings as a small family business into a market leader in the Egyptian textiles sector. TICA’S produces a wide variety of original products that are unique in the Egyptian market – from embroidered towels and tablecloths to beanbags and cushions, specifically designed for comfort. For more information on our wide range of goods, we encourage you to check out our Products. Through hard work, business savvy, and innovative thinking, brother and sister, Omar and Khadiga Magdy, and their mother Maha Moneim have transformed TICA’S from a side project, offering embroidered towels, into a retail and wholesale powerhouse, whose products can be found in Jordan, Kuwait, Greece, UAE, and throughout Egypt. The trio built brand recognition by tirelessly participating in events throughout Cairo, leading to the opening of the first TICA’S shop in Dandy Mall in Cairo, Egypt, in May 2010 and a shift in focus to business-to-business prospects for the company. Initial successes and hard work resulted in an expansion in distribution channels, including a network of retail stores and direct sales to hotels, travel agencies, and restaurants, among others. We are particularly proud of gaining a foothold in Cairo’s prestigious fashion retail store Beymen. The one constant throughout our early success is that Khadiga – known to family and friends as Tica – has provided the artistic inspiration, using her creative flair and witty sense of humor to produce the one-of-a-kind designs, which has made TICA’S a popular, well-established brand. Be the best textile manufacturing partner, meeting each and every one of your needs. Continue providing you with best delivery terms in the market. Tirelessly seek out the highest quality materials for our designs. And, consistently offer you premium customer care and full transparency in every transaction."	
"2019-04-20T02:36:40Z"	
"http://ticas.me/about-us"
"Hurricane Michael made landfall Wednesday as the most powerful storm to hit the US in decades. As we wait for assessments and emergency responders to do their work, there is a need for UMCOR Relief Supplies. The North Georgia Conference is collecting assembled Cleaning Buckets. Find instructions at www.umcor.org/UMCOR/Relief-Supplies. Completed buckets may be delivered to the Conference Disaster Response Warehouse. Schedule delivery in advance with coordinator Rev. Matt Murphy and send volunteers from your church to unload the delivery. The supplies will be quickly deployed to areas of need."	
"2019-04-25T20:54:16Z"	
"http://boldspringumc.com/conference-collecting-umcor-cleaning-buckets/"
"The specificity of the group is the use of high-performing time-resolved spectroscopy. DNA and its constituents are fragile systems so particular care is taken with regards to excitation energy and sample handling. Time-resolved fluorescence (fluorescence decays, fluorescence anisotropy decays and time-resolved fluorescence spectra) can be recorded from 100 fs to 100 ns using a combination of two detection techniques; fluorescence upconversion and time-correlated single photon counting. An important asset is the use as the same excitation source (a femtosecond titanium:sapphire laser) in both cases. Nanosecond flash photolysis allows the monitoring of transient states and species from 10 ns to 100 ms. A specific features of our setup is the detection of weak signals (10-4 en absorbance)."	
"2019-04-19T18:51:29Z"	
"http://www-lfp.cea.fr/ast_visu.php?num=160&keyw=DNA&lang=ang"
"Three units on this property for a total of 5 bedrooms and 4 baths. This could be a large family compound or used for rental. Close to Harry Harris Park for beaches and boating. Quiet street near the end. Lots of upgrades. Sewer Connection has been completed."	
"2019-04-25T20:04:11Z"	
"http://www.freewheelerrealty.com/listing/583355-235-antigua-road-tavernier-fl-33070/"
"Learning at the Speed of Business (Part 3): All Hail the Queen! In part one of this blog series I wrote about the many and varied theories of learning. And in part two, I described the many different trends which are influencing the rapid change we see in the way people learn. Even with all this complexity, at the end of my previous blog I promised some good news – there is one thing which remains constant: context! For me this was a particularly thought provoking question – what are you learning when you sit in a classroom? I’m sure that most of you have attended some kind of classroom training, and however good it might have been you probably went straight back to your workplace having forgotten most of what you learnt. When I am presenting at Learning events, I often ask the audience a simple question. Take a moment to reflect, and to think about your most memorable learning experience. Where did it take place? In a classroom? Or while performing some task? When I ask this of my audiences, usually 90% of people say it is while performing some task. After recovering from the disappointment stemming from the fact that no one had replied that my presentation was their most memorable learning experience, I realised that this simple test brings me to our simple constant of learning. Learning is always more effective when delivered in context. Most learning professionals will tell you that content is king (and they’re right!). I will add to this – if content is king, context is queen. What is content without context? Irrelevant. Don’t just take my word for it (although you should because I am right!). There is some interesting research which brought us the Ebbinghaus Forgetting Curve, which among other things tells us that we forget about 50% of what we learn within one day if we do not have a chance to put it into practice. This is actually not a new concept for learning professionals. In traditional training environments, a good deal of effort goes into creating an artificial context where some sort of simulation or exercise is constructed, and it is within this context that the learning objectives are achieved. In some cases a huge amount of effort and expense is put into making the learning environment as “real” as possible. When we consider the context for learning, we have three main considerations: timing, relevance and consistency. When deciding on a user enablement strategy you need to address all three challenges by looking at learning as a process which includes the classroom, but doesn’t begin and end there. For instance, where transactions are infrequently used, e-Reference solutions become invaluable (more on this shortly). Appropriately developed and located reference material can help introduce or revise a transaction the user has not encountered for some time. Similarly, not all transactions are best explained in an instructor-led session. Assessing the value risk of each transaction – the combination of the frequency, complexity and business value – helps determine what method of enablement is most useful. You might have interpreted from my comments so far that I’m not a fan of classroom training. Actually my own belief is that classroom training is very important, and can play an essential role in building the foundation on which further context-specific knowledge can be built. Classroom training may include role-based training design, simulations, games, and so on. Acquiring new information in a generic classroom environment removes all cues to memory that would help later. But by creating artificial cues – designing the physical environment so that it resembles the workplace, for example, you can establish cues for memory retrieval which will help preserve the learning later. Role-based training using accurate, relevant examples won’t just make the learning easier to acquire, but will also make the stored information easier to retrieve when required. This is basically an extension and simplification of an ancient learning method – the art of story-telling. For thousands of years, most races of people have passed knowledge from one generation to the next via story-telling. This is based on the same idea, building a context to aid the acquisition and recall of knowledge. When I was managing a team of trainers with SAP Education in the UK, we used to screen test a lot of potential new trainers and I gave them all the same advice. Tell us a story… The trainers who went on to be most successful were those who were the best story-tellers. While classroom training can be very effective, it can also be very expensive, particularly if you have only a few people to be trained. For instance, what if there is a new starter in your finance team – are you going to run a full set of classroom training to bring this one person up to speed? In this situation, e-learning becomes a very interesting alternative to classroom training. The same basic content can be delivered without the need of a classroom, a trainer, or any of the associated costs of classroom training. And because it is self-contained, it can be accessed at any time, and from almost any location, making it a great solution for training a single new starter. So without the trainer, and without the practical exercises to reinforce the learning objectives, how do we create the all-important context? E-learning allows us to utilize multimedia to help build the context. Here we can use video, animations, simulations and so on to help construct the required context. In fact, well-constructed e-learning can be very effective. Despite this, I get the feeling that e-learning has a bad reputation, and I don’t think this is fair. I think that this is partly because many organizations purchased an e-learning solution, confusing it for e-reference. Don’t underestimate the positives that can accrue from learning at one’s own desk – the contextual cues may help with storage and retrieval of information. What better cue is there than a real life problem that you need to resolve? So being able to deliver learning as the answer to a problem is extremely effective.If we can deliver learning in this way, we may find that all of that artificial context that we built is now a distraction just getting in the way of resolving the issue and the learning that comes from it. In this scenario, e-learning is a poor fit. What we actually need is an e-reference solution. E-reference is the classic case of learning just-in-time, whereas e-learning is learning just-in-case. For complex and infrequent tasks particularly, e-reference allows information to be delivered at the time that it is required. With e-reference, learning can be delivered in context in ways pure e-learning cannot – by having a much tighter focus, it can also have greater level of detail and contextual information. And most importantly, by delivering the knowledge at exactly the point of need you are working in the “real” context – there is nothing more effective. I must admit that when first introduced to the concept of “gamification” I was quite cynical; I figured it was yet another one of those fads that would soon pass. But as I started to learn more about it, I became a convert and began to see that there really was some value in the idea. And with Gartner recently predicting that by 2015, 40 percent of Global 1000 organizations will use gamification as the primary mechanism to transform business operations*, [KS1] there is now a lot of interest in this field. I have previously written a blog on why gamification is so effective, so that should speak to my “conversion”. And I am pleased that within SAP Education APJ, we are about to launch two gaming-based solutions to support learning. We are partnering with a gaming studio called Playware Studios to develop avatar-based games to support learning in SAP environments. In addition, we are partnering with Monsoon to deliver an ERP simulation game. Both solutions show incredible potential to drive the effectiveness of learning. So that’s it for part 3. I’ve spent some time here highlighting the essential role of context in learning. As we continue on our journey towards building a Learning Organisation, you will need to ensure that this essential element is well considered in approach. Perhaps the very best way to do this is via the new emerging areas of mobile and social learning, which I will be discussing in part 4 of this series."	
"2019-04-24T22:17:54Z"	
"https://blogs.sap.com/2014/10/22/learning-at-the-speed-of-business-part-3-all-hail-the-queen/"
"This gold two tone cufflink set can be personalized with names and dates or monogrammed with initials. Our custom engraved cufflinks look stunning when personalized with engraving. These gold finished cufflinks have a brushed center for engraving and high polished edge that makes it our most popular cufflink design by far. All of our high quality cufflinks are precision laser engraved by our expert team of engravers with a very quick turnaround time."	
"2019-04-25T14:27:30Z"	
"https://www.aandlengraving.com/gold-two-tone-cufflink-set.html"
"Yes! That's it. When digital values are specified in the palette, you can quickly scroll through and select the desired values. I want to see improvements for the panel swatches. It is very useful to see its numeric value next to the color name in the current color mode. Geometry operations (Add, Subtract, etc.) take a very long time to complete. With a large number of objects indefinitely, or the program crashes. This also applies to the stable version (1.6.5) and is independent of the file. For the test, I checked the same file in Affinity Designer and Xara Designer Pro X10, which performs this operation in 1-2 seconds. I hope in new versions this feature will finally be working adequately. +1 more options when exporting to tiff: compression setting, select the extensions. Yes, when you import or add a adobe palettes (.ase). Сolor management is not working properly. When switching between modes cmyk – rgb, does not change the display color, or not change the color values."	
"2019-04-19T00:19:47Z"	
"https://forum.affinity.serif.com/index.php?/profile/36526-dadesign/"
"All materials displayed or otherwise accessible through the Web site, including, without limitation, news articles, text, photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips, video clips, computer software and code (collectively, the Content) are protected under local and foreign copyright or other laws, and are owned by respective copyrightowners, its licensors or the party accredited as the provider of the Content. In addition, the Web site is protected under copyright law as a collective work and/or compilation pursuant to Local and foreign laws. You shall abide by all additional copyright notices, information and restrictions on or contained in any of the Content accessed through the Web site. ANY USE, REPRODUCTION, ALTERATION, MODIFICATION, PUBLIC PERFORMANCE OR DISPLAY, UPLOADING OR POSTING ONTO THE INTERNET, TRANSMISSION, REDISTRIBUTION OR OTHER EXPLOITATION OF THE WEBSITE OR OF ANY CONTENT, WHETHER IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OTHER THAN EXPRESSLY SET OUT HEREIN, IS PROHIBITED WITHOUT THE EXPRESS WRITTEN PERMISSION OF Realty Pro. CASTING CORPORATION, DESIGN are official marks or trademarks of the Local Broadcasting Corporation. Other names, words, titles, phrases, logos, designs, graphics, icons and trademarks displayed on the Web site may constitute registered or unregistered trademarks of third parties. While certain trademarks of third parties, the display of third-party trademarks on the Web site should not be taken to imply any relationship or license between VidLyf and the owner of said trademark or to imply that VidLyf endorses the wares, services or business of the owner of said trademark. Nothing contained on the Web site should be construed as granting you any license or right to use any trademark logo or design of Realty Pro or any third party, without the written permission of VidLyf or the respective owner of any third-party trademark. Earlier we were operating under domain name n4news.info(Where we were only focusing on News), But this time with VidLyf.com we are focusing onmany aspects like Videos, Blogs along with news.We hope you will keep supporting VidLyf like you were supporting N4news. Thank you."	
"2019-04-22T07:08:52Z"	
"http://vidlyf.com/terms/"
"While you cannot accurately predict everyone who may present a risk of workplace violence, perhaps you can anticipate and head off some incidents. Many workplace violence episodes are related to non-work issues and may include family or marital conflict, divorces, and child custody disputes. And if served with legal process while at work, an employee may use violence to take out such frustrations towards bosses and colleagues simply because coworkers are nearby. We recommend you develop specific training based on your work setting, location, and security layout, as well as general situational awareness. Analyze situations involving employee travel, working alone, or working at a customer’s home or business. Consider professional instruction by an active shooter expert who can provide on-site, simulation-based training. A version of this article originally appeared at the Fisher Phillips Workplace Safety and Health Law blog, which can be found by clicking here or visiting workplacesafetyandhealthlaw.com. For more information, contact the authors at TVance@fisherphillips.com (704.778.4163) or HMavity@fisherphillips.com (404.240.4204)."	
"2019-04-22T10:32:34Z"	
"https://www.fisherphillips.com/resources-newsletters-article-workplace-violence-in-the-news-how-to-respond-if-a-worker-is-served-with-a-restraining-order"
"BOSTON -- A disastrous 8th inning handed the Cubs a 6-2 loss to the Boston Red Sox on Sunday night, and it also gave the Red Sox the 2-1 series win. Cubs 42-year-old relief pitcher Koji Uehara (L, 0-2), pitching for the second day in a row, gave up three consecutive singles to start the bottom of the 8th with the game tied at 2. He was relieved by Pedro Strop who gave up a run on a wild pitch and another run on a groundout. Two more runs scored when Anthony Rizzo was unable to pick Addison Russell's throw out of the dirt at first base. Chicago was unable to get anything against Boston closer Craig Kimbrel in the 9th and fell to 5-4 on the 10 day, 9 game road trip. "I'll take a 5-4 road trip. I will. I'll take a winning month. I will," Cubs manager Joe Maddon said. "We are not clicking on all cylinders yet. We had opportunities to score more runs early and didn't do it. But overall I thought it was a really good road trip." Matt Barnes (W, 3-0) picked up the win in relief for the Red Sox, pitching a perfect eighth inning. The Cubs tied the game in the seventh inning when Jon Jay scored from on a wild pitch that the catcher could not find. Kris Bryant hit his 69th career home run and his fourth this season in the fifth which cut the lead to 2-1. The home run also extended Bryant's hitting streak to 11 games. Cubs starter Kyle Hendricks was effective, pitching 6 innings giving 3 hits, 2 runs, 3 walks with 6 strikeouts. However, one of the three hits allowed by Hendricks was a long 2-run homer in the first from Hanley Ramirez to continue the Cubs' trend of giving up runs early. Chicago will return home on Monday to take on Philadelphia at 7:05 PM CT. Brett Anderson (2-0, 3.54) will face Vince Velasquez (1-2, 6.33)."	
"2019-04-25T19:41:14Z"	
"https://www.cubshq.com/story/baseball/Cubs-bullpen-falters-in-series-clinching-win-for-Boston-14030"
"New Study suggests doctors do more cesarean sections because of money. Read abstract here. In all the debate through the years about the cause in the rise in c-section rates, the role money plays gets little attention. The public is loath to think that the cesarean section being performed on a loved one results from the physician needing to make a boat payment rather than patient need. The doctors, of course, blame the lawyers claiming that lawsuits make the doctors do more cesarean sections to protect themselves from litigation. In an interesting new study available from the Social Science Research Network, MIT and University of British Columbia researchers analyzed records of births in California and Texas and have found that when the patient is a physician she is 10% less likely to receive a c-section delivery. The authors conclude that financial incentives are most likely responsible for this behavior. Post a Comment to "New Study suggests doctors do more cesarean sections because of money. Read abstract here.""	
"2019-04-24T15:50:35Z"	
"http://www.girardslaw.com/blog/new-study-suggests-doctors-do-more-cesarean-sections-because-of-money--read-abstract-here-.cfm"
"Benjamin Badger is two years old going on three. He does not believe he needs to take a nap anymore. Mama Badger explains to Benjamin that everyone needs time to slow down and rest. While Mama Badger is explaining to Benjamin about who sleeps, Benjamin falls asleep. Carlstrom, Nancy White, “No nap for benjamin badger,” Children's Picture Book Database at Miami University, accessed April 21, 2019, https://dlp.lib.miamioh.edu/picturebook/items/show/6479."	
"2019-04-21T12:51:59Z"	
"https://dlp.lib.miamioh.edu/picturebook/items/show/6479"
"Warning: prices, links and product specifications for Lexmark C930H2CG are submitted by our listed stores. Please notify us if you find any errors. Find the best offers for Lexmark C930H2CG on ShopMania. You can buy Lexmark C930H2CG from hundreds of trustworthy online stores that deliver all over the US, having the best prices for Lexmark C930H2CG. Read product reviews from the shoppers in our community, see photos of Lexmark C930H2CG and learn about all its features. Only on ShopMania you can find the best discounts and sales, compare consumables deals and buy at the lowest possible price a Lexmark C 930H 2CG and thousands of other similar products."	
"2019-04-21T06:24:28Z"	
"https://www.shopmania.com/consumables/p-lexmark-c930h2cg-7860020"
"Capital Services has launched a brand new, community discount card program we proudly call the Capital Advantage. This program is free and easy to use. Click on the “My Capital Advantage” tab for more information. Contract Proposals Hitting the Mail Soon! Be on the lookout in the next few weeks, as contract proposals will be sent out soon. There will be something exciting included in your package, so be sure to check it out!"	
"2019-04-22T20:06:24Z"	
"http://capitalservices.ca/2016/08/"
"Car rentals from Enterprise in Jesolo Lido were reviewed by 250+ customers with a rating of 7.5/10. The cheapest car from Enterprise in Jesolo Lido is Fiat Panda of Small, Compact, Mini car rental class. Its price is just $24.43 per day. Most of our customers usually book vehicles of Economy car rental class in Italy. The cheapest Economy car from Enterprise in Jesolo Lido is presented by Renault Clio for $25.66 per day."	
"2019-04-26T09:56:55Z"	
"https://www.carngo.com/car-rental/italy-jesolo-enterprise"
"Oh boy, it’s finally here! After years of waiting and having to endure those horrible prequels, the long-awaited conclusion is finally here! Yes, that’s what I thought when I first heard the news. After years of making us wait and spend our hard earned money on a sleuth of teaser prequels and filler, Brian Herbert and KJA (or as I like to call him, NOT FRANK HERBERT!) finally delivered on their promise and released the damn Dune 7 novel! Like most fans, I had been waiting years for that day. Ever since KJA and Brian got together and announced that they would be releasing Dune 7, a book which Frank had apparently been working on shortly before he died, I was understandably excited. It was just a few years before this announcement that I had finally worked my way to the end of the Dune series (Chapterhouse: Dune) only to find that it ended on a cliffhanger note with numerous loose ends. For example, what was this mysterious enemy that the Honored Matres were fleeing? Who were the old man and woman from Duncan’s visions? What was Duncan’s role in all this; i.e. was he the new Kwisatz Haderach or something even greater? And above all, was this all the result of Leto’s vision, or were the main characters finally free of the Tyrant’s “Golden Path”? These and other questions I wanted answered, and after many years of waiting, I kinda felt entitled! Needless to say, the anticipation I felt was rivaled only by the disappointment, but that didn’t occur until the very end when the answers were revealed. There was plenty of material to disappoint in between, but I was able to endure all that so long as I got see how it all ended. I’ve said all this before, so I shan’t waste any more time with it here. Let me get to the specifics of the story and why it was such a horrible, crass, and cynical novel that left Dune fans everywhere disappointed and angry. As fans of Dune are no doubt aware, this book was part I in a two part collection that was meant to tie up the series. While this novel didn’t end, it did tie up most of the threads Frank had laid down in Chapterhouse and predicted what the ultimate ending would be. It is for this reason that this book is arguably more important than its follow-up Sandwords of Dune. This book established what the conclusion would be, the other one was mere filler, seeing the threads through to their conclusion and giving every character a final farewell. The story picks up three years after the events in Chapterhouse: Dune, with Duncan and the crew of the Ithaca trying to find their way in an alternate universe, hoping to stay ahead of the old man and woman. However, there efforts are upset when Duncan is spoken to telepathically by a mysterious character known as the “Oracle of Time”, a Guild agent who then plucks him from his current location and brings him back to the known universe. The old man and women realize he’s returned, and immediately begin trying to catch him in their tachyon net again. Meanwhile, back on Chapterhouse, Murbella is continuing with her efforts to bring the Bene Gesserit and Honored Matres together in preparation for the coming war. In addition, she is approached by the Guild who are desperate for spice now that Chapterhouse is the last known source of melange. Given their past support for the Honored Matres, Murbella is loath to help them, but manages to leverage their future loyalty in exchange for not cutting them off completely. In the meantime, the Guild is in contact with the Ixians, who are busy developing a machine that will take the place of a Guild Navigator. Unbeknownst to them, Face Dancers have already infiltrated Ix and are now dealing directly with the Guild. The Face Dancers are essentially doing this all over the Old Empire, infiltrating worlds and replacing key people with their own copies. Having replaced the last of the Tleilaxu masters with their own copies, their leader Khrone now focuses on infiltrating the HM’s. They do this by putting Uxtal in the custody of Hellica, the new leader of the HM’s. In exchange for sparing his life, Hellica demands that he teach them the secret of axlotl tanks. In addition, Uxtal’s tasks include creating a ghola of the Baron Harkonnen and Paul for Daniel and Marty’s purposes. The reason for this is because the old man and woman feel they will be “useful”, especially Paul who’s prescience will be intrinsic to their “calculations”. A third reason for his research into axlotl tanks is to create a Waff ghola so he can obtain the secret of making artificial melange (a secret thought to be lost with the destruction of the Tleilaxu Masters). This will come in handy for the Guild Navigators, who are looking for an alternative to the Sisterhood’s source. However, they are unaware that Scytale – the last surviving Tleilaxu master – has already given said secret to the crew of the Ithaca. They in turn are generating it using their own tanks for their own use, seeing as how the sandworms they have aboard are not yet mature. In addition, Scytale has revealed the existence of the nullentropy tube with the ghola cells he’s kept hidden to Duncan and the Ithaca crew. He does this in exchange for the creation of a Scytale ghola, one which replace him when he dies, which is getting closer. Duncan, Sheeana and Miles all decide that it would also be in their best interests to start cloning all the other people in this tube – Paul, Leto II, Chani, Stilgar, etc. – because apparently, “they will prove useful”. Over the course of the next few years, they begin to give birth to and rear these gholas, one by one. In the meantime, Murbella’s forces continue to consolidate their hold over more and more of the Old Empire, flushing out HM’s and adding their weapons and resources to their own. This includes the so-called “Devastators”, some kind of super weapon that can sterilize an entire planet. Murbella also begins searching her “Other Memory” in order to find the answers she needs; namely, where the Honored Matres came from and who their enemy is. She learns in the course of this that the HM’s are the descendents of Tleilaxu women who were freed with the help of Fish Speakers and Bene Gesserit’s from the Scattering. Hence why the HM’s seem hellbent on wiping out the Tleilaxu. There’s also the brief and needless scene where she converses with Serena Butler, figurehead of the Butlerian Jihad. Shortly thereafter, the Sisterhood attack Ix, and Hellica, and Uxtal all die in the process. Waff however, escapes and finds refuge with the Guild, promising them the secret to breeding their own sandworms instead of artificial melange. Meanwhile, the Ithaca stumbled onto a planet that is concealed by a no-field. They find that the place was sterilized by a deadly plague, and after a very brief exploratory mission, they realize that it was this same plague that the Honored Matres were fleeing. Shortly thereafter, they come upon the planet of the Handlers, which they learn are in fact Face Dancers. In the course of trying to return the Futars to the surface, a boarding party attacks them and they are forced to flee, but some make it aboard. More to follow in part two, coming up soon!"	
"2019-04-25T19:42:00Z"	
"https://storiesbywilliams.com/2011/11/17/hunters-of-dune-a-review/"
"For you rabid drum corps fans out there who are already feeling the heat of summer and looking to get your hands on tickets to some of Drum Corps International's most popular events, mark your calendars for MEGA MONDAY on January 18! On that day, we'll be putting tickets on sale to more than 10 Premier Events scheduled for the 2010 DCI Tour. This will be your early opportunity to grab some of the best seats in the house for some of the most popular events of the year. EXTRA SPECIAL MEGA MONDAY OFFER: The first 500 fans to forward their e-mail receipt or phone order confirmation/account number from MEGA MONDAY ticket orders, along with name and mailing address to posteroffer@dci.org, will receive the brand-new and bodacious 2010 DCI Calendar Poster. This epic 23" x 29" work of art features all of the '09 World Championship corps on two sides, and is guaranteed to rock your drum corps socks off. Valued at $10, this poster is offered to you only while supplies last! View this poster. Dallas, Texas Thursday & Friday, July 22 & 23 Lake Highlands High School Houston, TX Thursday & Friday, July 22 & 23 Berry Athletic Complex Hattiesburg, MS Wednesday, July 28 Univ. of Southern Miss. Gadsden, AL Thursday, July 29 Gadsden City High School Murfreesboro, TN Friday, July 30 Middle Tenn. State Univ."	
"2019-04-21T20:27:58Z"	
"https://www.dci.org/news/prepare-yourself-for-mega-monday"
"Surveying services from Woodford & Co. To Chris & everyone at Woodford & Co. Thank you for selling the house, and for your professional advice, which made this possible. Well, most of the agents tried, but your advice and determination got us there in the end. Thank you to your team."	
"2019-04-23T21:59:07Z"	
"https://www.woodfordandco.com/news/archives/2019"
"Check out Designsource Ltd in Auckland City. We have served customers across Auckland Region for more than 35 years. We are your local Wall Coverings specialists. Get in touch today!"	
"2019-04-24T19:52:12Z"	
"https://yellow.co.nz/y/designsource-tapora"
"Members of your family have already met with staff of Bet-Olam Jewish Funerals. However, it might be helpful to review these formalities. The legal documents which were signed during the meeting with the funeral director enable the funeral to take place. Forms for the cemetery and also information to be lodged with the Department of Births, Deaths and Marriages were also completed during this meeting. This information not only notifies the department that your loved one has passed away but enables the department to produce the official Death Certificate. This certificate will be forwarded in four to six weeks directly to the person who signed the documentation. The Bet-Olam Jewish Funeral forms (one copy for you and the other for Bet-Olam) have details of the time, car pick-up time (if applicable), date and location of the funeral. This form also shows the costs which, by law, we must explain to you. This is the cost of the actual grave with headstone that Springvale Botanical Gardens charges Bet-Olam Jewish funerals. The cemetery internment fee is the cost of preparing or digging the actual grave – Springvale Botanical Gardens charges Bet-Olam for this service. This covers the transfer, mortuary, coffin, bookings with the cemetery and death certificate lodgment. These are arrangements that Bet-Olam Jewish Funerals puts into place to enable the funeral to proceed. If the service is a cremation, a fee is charged to Bet-Olam Jewish Funerals by Springvale Botanical Gardens. Also a government medical officer needs to sign a separate document which Bet-Olam staff organise. If the family wishes, Bet-Olam staff will organise all press notices at cost. If the deceased was a non-member of a Progressive congregation, the Religious Administration fee is charged to cover the cost of the officiating Rabbi. If the deceased was a member of Temple Beth Israel, The Leo Baeck Centre, Etz Chayim or Kedem they are exempted from the Religious Administration fee. If the person who has passed away was not a member of a Progressive synagogue, this is the fee for a Rabbi to conduct the minyan. If the account is paid within 14 days of receiving the Bet-Olam Jewish Funeral’s account, please deduct this amount. Except under the most unusual circumstances, burials take place only in ground which has been formally set aside for Jewish use – in our case, the Jewish Memorial Gardens at the Springvale Botanical Gardens. The Jewish Memorial Gardens is most commonly used for Bet-Olam Jewish Funerals. Other sites for Jewish burial are found at the Melbourne General Cemetery, Fawkner Cemetery and the Chevra Kadisha Cemetery. Burials at Melbourne General and Fawkner require at least 36 hours notice, so there may be instances where the burial cannot take place as quickly as is encouraged by Jewish custom. If it is known that cremation was the wish of the deceased, it is within the framework of the Progressive approach for the funeral service to be conducted under the auspices of Bet-Olam Jewish Funerals. Cremation services are often conducted at our chapel in Elsternwick. Our services are usually conducted as soon as practical – usually within 36 hours of a person passing away. Bet-Olam takes into account the need to delay the funeral when there are relatives arriving from overseas or interstate. Before the funeral, the body is washed in a ritual act of purification called Tahara. We leave the world, just as we entered into the world, and so just as a baby is washed and enters the world clean and pure, so do we leave the world cleansed by the religious act of Tahara. The ritual cleansing or Tahara is carried out by the chevra kadisha (“holy society”). The chevra kadisha is a group of specially trained Jews who care for the body and prepare it for the funeral. Strict procedures are followed, which include the recitation of psalms and prayers from the Song of Songs, Isaiah, Ezekiel and Zechariah. Men handle male bodies and women prepare female bodies; modesty is preserved even in death. After the body is cleansed, it is dressed in shrouds (in Hebrew, tachrichim). The shrouds are simple and plain and made of white cotton or linen. A tallit (prayer shawl) may be spread over the shroud if it was the deceased’s practice to wear one when praying, otherwise it may be handed down to the next generation. If a tallit is being buried, one of the fringes of the tallit is cut to show that it will no longer be used. This tradition of Tahara enacted by the chevrah kaddishah is one of the oldest and most sacred of Jewish traditions, and is considered an act of true kindness or chesed shel emet, as it is not one which the deceased can ever thank them for. If the coroner is involved in the death of your loved one, Bet-Olam will guide you through this process every step of the way. Our funeral directors are constantly speaking with the coroner to try to speed up the process that will allow for the dignified burial or cremation of your loved one in a respectful time frame. Jewish tradition allows an autopsy when required by civil law, or when the knowledge gained from an autopsy might help save others suffering from the same disease. Routine autopsies where nothing specific will be learned should be avoided because they violate the principle of kevod ha-met – respect for the body of the deceased. Bet-Olam will write a letter for you to sign if you wish to object to an autopsy being carried out and will be there to guide you through this process. State law does not require embalming in most situations, and does not permit it without the expressed permission of the next of kin. Based on the biblical verse “For dust you are, and to dust you shall return” (Gen.3:19), embalming or the use of cosmetics is not a traditional Jewish practice. If there is a need to identify the deceased, Jewish tradition is to do so in private. The coffin is then closed and remains closed throughout the funeral. Jewish tradition is to bring a stone or a pebble to a grave as a symbol of the eternal nature of memory and of the soul. This also reflects the metaphor that flowers are much like the body in that they wilt and die. Some would invite those who wish to bring flowers to donate to a charity in lieu. Plots at the Jewish Memorial Gardens can be reserved years ahead for the interment of named individuals. If the family wishes to reserve the grave next to their loved one, Bet-Olam staff can organise this when the funeral is booked. Arrangements can be made for a grave to be dug to a depth of five foot, seven foot or nine foot which allows for one, two or three interments. Whether burial or cremation, it is Jewish custom to keep the coffin as simple as possible, without elaborate handles or trimming. This centuries-old Jewish tradition reflects the significant realisation that in death there are no differences of wealth or status. All of us leave this world as we enter it – without adornment or decoration. For the same reason, the body of the deceased is dressed in a simple white shroud. Traditionally no jewellery is buried or cremated with the deceased and nothing else is placed within the coffin. If a family wishes the tallit and kippah can be placed in the coffin. Bet-Olam offers you the following suggestions which you might find helpful. Finally, remember that a eulogy should be a celebration of a person’s life. Attending a funeral is not something you do every day – so it is natural you may not be sure what to say or what to do. Please ask the funeral director if you need any assistance at any time. Bet-Olam Jewish Funerals conducts most burial services at the graveside. We suggest that the immediate family arrive at the cemetery 15 minutes before the start of the service. At the appropriate time, we will then invite all mourners to gather at the graveside, with the immediate family sitting. Bet-Olam Jewish Funerals staff will then walk from the roadside to the grave carrying the coffin, which will be placed on two bearers over the grave. The Rabbi will begin the service, and at a point during the service, Bet-Olam staff will lower the coffin. A small sachet of soil from Israel will be given to the principal mourners to place into the grave and then the Rabbi will invite family and friends to each place three shovels of soil into the grave. The Rabbi will then continue with the service and if there is to be a minyan, the Rabbi will announce this. At the conclusion of the service, the principal mourners will be invited to gather at the roadside to enable others to speak with them. Please note that if the deceased belonged to either VAJEX or a Masonic Lodge often a representative of either organization will conduct a short service at the same time. Most of the cremations conducted by Bet-Olam Jewish Funerals take place at our chapel on the corner of Glenhuntly and Kooyong Roads, Elsternwick. If the family wishes, the service can be conducted at one of the chapels at Springvale Botanical Gardens. At the appropriate time, mourners are invited into the chapel. As mourners walk in, they will see the coffin on either a dais or a trolley at the front of the chapel. The Rabbi will begin the service, and at a point in the service the coffin will either be respectfully taken into a separate room or – in the case of Springvale –slowly lowered into a cavity. In both cases, at the conclusion of the service and after all mourners have left, the coffin is then taken to the crematorium. At the conclusion of the service, the principal mourners will be invited to gather outside the chapel to enable others to speak with them. Ashes can be collected from Springvale and can either be buried under a bush in Jewish Memorial Gardens, kept by the family or scattered. Black is not compulsory attire for a funeral. You should dress in a way to show respect to the family and to the person who has passed away. Women are welcome to wear pants and are not required to cover their heads. Bet-Olam Jewish Funerals will always have spare kippot to hand out to anyone who wishes to wear one. The most important thing is not how you are dressed but that you are there. Should children come to a funeral? Parents are the best judges of whether their child is old enough to comprehend death and whether attending the funeral will be meaningful to them. It is important that children be allowed to express their grief and to share in this important ritual. Children can be naturally uplifting to those in grief, a hopeful reminder of the future. A suggestion for young children is that they might like to do a drawing, photo collage, photo album or write a letter to their loved one who has passed away. This often gives children a feeling of participation in the service. If a young child becomes noisy, please walk away so as not to disturb the dignity of the service. The traditional expression by the Rabbi to the mourners at the conclusion of the funeral service is “May God comfort you among the rest of the mourners in Zion and Jerusalem”. The customary greeting at a funeral and at prayers following a funeral is ‘Long life’, a paraphrase of the Hebrew expression ad me’a ve-esrim ‘May you live to 120’ (120 years, the life-span of Moses, being considered the absolute limit of life). Sometimes people who are bereaved may feel that they need help to come to terms with their loss, to restore equilibrium to their life or to deal with some of the difficult emotions. These emotions – depression, anger, sadness, loneliness – often accompany the death of someone close and form part of the process of mourning. Very often support can be found from within the synagogue’s caring community network. If necessary, the Rabbi can give information and advice on specialist agencies. Mourners traditionally ‘sit shivah’ for seven days beginning on the eve after the funeral. The exception to this is to attend synagogue on Shabbat. During this first week of mourning, the community comes to the mourners, attending to both their material and their spiritual needs by bringing food and prayer to the home. The minyan enables the mourners to recite the kaddish prayer. This prayer is an expression of faith in God who gives life, even while facing the reality of death. Though the custom of sitting shivah strikes deep psychological chords, it can also be seen as a pattern for dealing with the first days of grief. Some will wish to have prayers at home for the whole week of shivah (excluding Friday evening); some for three or four nights; and others for only one night. Sometimes the gap between the death and the funeral influences how shivah is observed. Many mourners choose for the minyan to be held in the synagogue rather than at home. Some are more inclined to be with their grief in private, while others want to surround themselves with friends. Again it is important to stress that in Progressive practice there are no set rules about which Jewish traditions will provide the right relief at the right moment. If the minyan is held at home, the synagogue arranges to supply siddurim (prayerbooks). The usual format of prayers for the minyan is the evening service, followed by the Memorial Prayers, and the Mourner’s Kaddish. During this service it is a good opportunity to invite relatives and friends to share their feelings, memories and experiences of the deceased. In general the purpose of the visit is not to ‘cheer up the mourners’ artificially (or to be unnaturally gloomy), but to be with the mourners in their feelings, and to allow them to share them if they wish, or to keep silent if they prefer. When someone dies, a number of people and organisations need to be told. This may help you to finalise the affairs and ensure you receive the help you need. You may download the following checklist. It shows you many of the people and organisations you may need to contact. If you wish to have the name and telephone number of the person who died removed from mailing lists, you can ask the Australian Direct Marketing Association to do it for you."	
"2019-04-22T06:16:32Z"	
"https://jewishfunerals.org.au/arranging-the-funeral/"
"Product information "Chiba Gel glove dark grey" Get ready for the tour with the fingerless Chiba Gel gloves! The perfect cycling glove for frequent riders and touring riders. If the hands fall asleep after a short time on the tour, that reduces the motivation. In order to maintain this appeal on the move, it is important to pay attention when buying, since 80% of cyclists have problems with it. Related links to "Chiba Gel glove dark grey" Customer evaluation for "Chiba Gel glove dark grey""	
"2019-04-21T02:44:51Z"	
"https://www.actionsports.de/en/chiba-gel-glove-dark-grey-25138"
"At an Ethnicity and Health Research conference in Edinburgh in November 2012, NRS’s Vital Events Statistician mentioned the possibility of matching census and ‘deaths’ records. The full presentation can be found on The statistics that have been published section of this website. In April 2014, the Director of Public Health Science at NHS Health Scotland and two Professors of Public Health wrote to NRS, to ask it to match the ethnic information that was provided when deaths were registered in 2012 with what was recorded in the 2011 census for the same people, in order to assess the accuracy of the information that was recorded at death registration (and also to carry out similar work in respect of later years’ deaths, in order to obtain an ongoing measure of the quality of the data). The data linkage part of this project was the first such piece of work done by the newly-established Data Sharing and Linkage Service, which is now part of the Scottish Informatics and Linkage Collaboration. As a ‘pilot’ project, it took much longer than would now be the case because of the need to establish various sets of rigorous governance, administrative arrangements and technical procedures. Not until May 2016 could NRS link together the ethnicity data from the death registration records for 2012 (and 2013 and 2014) and from the Census records (if any) for those people. A report on the results of the analysis was published on 14 March 2017. The report concluded that the data on the ethnicity of the deceased person were not (at present) suitable for calculating reliable mortality rates for most ethnicities. It identified some ways that NRS could try to improve the quality of future data. The full report is available in The quality of the data for 2012 to 2014 section of this website."	
"2019-04-23T20:19:32Z"	
"https://www.nrscotland.gov.uk/statistics-and-data/statistics/statistics-by-theme/vital-events/deaths/deaths-background-information/ethnicity-of-the-deceased-person/further-background/the-first-assessment-of-the-quality-of-the-data-that-are-collected"
"In order to acquire Rockton Side Chair (Set of 2) By Laurel Foundry Modern Farmhouse , try to find good quality timber joinery. In case a item is fixed with each other or maybe if fingernails or toenails and anchoring screws are used to keep your furniture piece with each other, it does not very last extended. It is best to spend more money to have a Rockton Side Chair (Set of 2) By Laurel Foundry Modern Farmhouse with a few excellent wooden joinery focus on it. Definitely consider the thighs and legs of any Rockton Side Chair (Set of 2) By Laurel Foundry Modern Farmhouse you are considering acquiring. All those hip and legs need not only to assistance weight, they'll additionally be in contact with your flooring. When they seem like they'll do harm to your surface due to components applied (like metal), then you might like to opt for a various design. When buying Rockton Side Chair (Set of 2) By Laurel Foundry Modern Farmhouse for the living room area, choose neutral shades. You are able to affect the colours and other design of your place by altering features, color along with other points. Consequently, it is possible to change up the design of your living room area without spending a lot of cash. Everybody values being soaked on your couch when you unwind. This stands out on the comfort and ease and also the character from the couches are important. No one likes to take a seat on a threatening and unpleasant sofa with frayed furniture. Actually, couches are expensive. If you are looking which are more comfy and comfortable vehicles, at that time you have to pay for them. I've come across regularly that individuals end up buying the incorrect sofa and after emptying your bank account onto it. Why? Basically, they do not know how to choose the fantastic Ashley furniture sofa in the best way. Keep in mind that the higher the price, it always does not provide you with the Appropriate product. For this situation, we've found a portion of the best sofas for any comfy feeling. We recommend you realize before getting towards the extremely rich furnishings stores. You'll steer clear of issues and a bit of "grieve more than lot of money-bad luck". You cannot talk about this sofa without talking about its remarkable style, durability, and luxury. If you ever needed a comfortable seat, then move fast and get yourself Rollercoaster Samuel Selection Lotion Leather Sofa. You'll like it. This 3 seater sofa has thoroughly clean lines and great soft cushions. The cushions are affixed to the seat and behind. It is made of leather and that definitely is a certain wager that its durable. It also features tufted back again and seats that certainly contributes to its remarkable appear. More to the point, it has a springtime foundation that gives it the necessary comfort and durability. Its wood body causes it to be very sturdy. The lengthy and the lacking it is this fact sofa is extraordinary in each and every aspect. You may or may not agree with this. But the only way you can understand why is to buy and try it. This couch is caused the gong-shaped shape along with the higher armrest of the cushion. Additionally, the head is supported by obstructed corner edges. The thighs, nevertheless, have became a member of the phony wood covering. The couch gives a comfy and extravagant sensation. This is actually the direct result of extremely versatile padding within the rayon furniture. You are able to sit down easily for now to relax. Each of the tones offered with this sofa demonstrates its significant component, Versatile design. The red sculpt could be well suited for both topics with mild and dark tones. That continues to be continuous for different tones it offers too. The sofa is located in room. Whether or not its Thanksgiving or a large family gathering, you can rely on it. Race-viewing yet still time collapsing on your sofa with your friends is a genuine option. This RTA loveseat provides different types of upholstery with respect to the material. That significantly includes linen and purple velvet. Advanced tones, Marzipan, Stoneware-Light tan and Rye-Dark brown improve design for the sofa. Choose the covering and the material that depends around the stylistic design of your room. Not just the shading, the fabric may also mirror the difference in style. Make sure that the material you choose fits the concept of your room. This loveseat votes in support of combining the present design with an excellent design. It's been moved up by the hands that start to feed the couch. With this mix, you only witness enhanced comfort and ease and tasteful design when lighting the pads. This RTA loveseat provides different types of furniture depending on the materials. That considerably incorporates linen and purple velvet. Advanced tones, Marzipan, Stoneware-Beige and Rye-Brown enhance the style of the sofa. Choose the covering and the material that will depend around the stylistic style of your room. Not just the shading, the material can also mirror the main difference in fashion. Make sure that the fabric you select matches the concept of the room. This loveseat ballots in favor of mixing the current design by having an excellent style. It has been increased through the hands that begin to feed the couch. With this blend, you simply see enhanced comfort and ease and stylish design when lighting the patches. This couch is praised for distinctive style and comfort. Its impressive flare-equip sofa with chairs offers you maximum room for stretching and using your living space. So usually the modern sofa chaise increases the great thing about this established. The set also includes cushion leading hands cushioned back and chairs for optimum comfort and ease. The sofa includes a corner-obstructed wooden body that gives the couch sufficient sturdiness. The couch steps 89 inches broad by 62 inches in depth x 4 in . in height which makes it ideal for moderate size rooms. You may want to do minor assembling for example from the thighs. This set comes with the entire power of Person Couch with an excellent couch style. It incorporates tight arms, firm chair cushions and complete-size mat with internal comes. It's removed underneath to clean it and remove it with a easy lifting device. This sleeping pad is reinforced having a sturdy metal edge. is really a measuring guideline and has a Bi-falling apart emphasize. Among the worthy things to mention may be the consolation! Place this extremely comfy sofa in your comfy family room. Besides providing a natural and tasteful atmosphere, it provides a beautiful personality for your site visitors. You can make your companions remain for any fun nights films. The sofa has carcasses with obstructed edges and fake-completing on its legs. The soft cushions are, however, adjusted and can include excellent versatility. It is covered having a heavy polyethylene fiber with a drawstring advantage. The term here is the comfort and ease and sophisticated look. This set has a tufted backrest and nail head accent that gives it the sophisticated appear. Its gray colour adds to its remarkable appear. It can match up to 8 inches mattress. That alone tells you how comfy the set could be. Notably, it does not incorporate a bed mattress. So you may need to buy one. The trundle features a castor to allow quick access. You may also draw the trundle that people sit on. Just to point out, it should take putting together, but again its super easy to put together. If the Chesterfield may be the graceful man amongst sofas, the Cabriole is the grande dame. Known for its exposed wooden and stylish legs, reminiscent of the Louis XV period, the cabriole also offers a unique silhouette. It was additionally a popular shape within the function of Trautman Baseball Upholstered Dining Chair (Set of 2) producer Thomas Chippendale. Typically, the rear is all 1 continuous item with out cushions and has an elegant bending collection. This specific cabriole edition consists of jewels in the tufts for additional glamour. It is a couch design that may be as simple or opulent as you desire. Upholstered having a luxury materials like velvet produces a much various style feeling than whether it were upholstered inside a much more moderate, textural neutral. The primary feeling of elegance stems from its overall shape and lithe thighs meaning it will always lend a processed air to a room. The Bridgewater is really a couch design that is primarily informal and definitely comfortable. This design may be the beloved of many a designer simply because you can use it to create a informal, friendly space. Bridgewater sofas are flexible, with respect to the furniture you select. Done in an unbiased material, this kind of couch doesnt compete with additional factors in the room that may be much more remarkable, for example artwork or any other large functions. Much more official fabric will yield a more grand type of sofa. A number of qualities differentiate Bridgewater couches: Usually they've low hands and a high back again, which plays a role in the sporadic appear. Most in addition have a customized dress that hides the legs and loose soft cushions for the seat and back. This specific design was designed to support slipcovers, that also give a casual atmosphere towards the sofa. Just like its namesake, the camelback sofa includes a hump or possibly two that accents the primary silhouette of this couch style. This can be a traditional design which was made popular within the 1700s by Chippendale and households who desired aristocratic, formal Cernobbio Upholstered Dining Chair frequently opted for this design. These days, this sofa style gives a more official atmosphere to any space, particularly when upholstered inside a official material. A more casual textile option would make it appropriate for a family room that doesnt need a lot of custom. In either case, the camelback couch has some factors that define the style. The thighs are usually exposed, the sofa doesn't have back soft cushions and it normally has square or folded arms. Copyright © Rockton Side Chair (Set of 2) By Laurel Foundry Modern Farmhouse in Side Kitchen Chairs All right reserved."	
"2019-04-25T19:45:53Z"	
"http://hewan.co/Side-Kitchen-Chairs/%5Bexplore%5D-1259/best-choice-rockton-side-chair-set-of-2-by-laurel-foundry-modern-farmhouse-gf65dig33x-for-less.dhtml"
"Most dog owners have seen their dog eat grass, or heard the advice that it’s because they’re unwell, stressed, or perhaps they just like the taste. The good news is that it’s actually a very normal behaviour for our furry friends. In her latest article for HIF, animal behaviourist, Laura V explores the many different reasons why. Both age and illness can contribute to incontinence in pets and dealing with can be tricky. With this in mind, we caught up with animal behaviourist expert, Laura V to hear her tips and tricks that might make the journey a little easier for you both. Did you know there are several flowers and plants that are toxic to cats? Animal behaviourist Laura V shares the importance of knowing what flowers, plants and household items might be dangerous to your cats and what signs and symptoms you should be looking out for. We’ve put together the most popular names for our furry friends in 2018. Does your pooches’ name make the list? Flying with your pet can be a stressful experience. Not only because of the rules, regulations and requirements, but also because us pet lovers know that flying can be hard on our fur babies. With this in mind, we caught up with Animal Behaviourist Laura V, who shares her top tips how to ensure the experience is as positive and comfortable as possible for your furry friend. Pets provide us with comfort, security and friendship. So how would you feel if you and your pet were facing or experiencing homelessness? In this short video, our friends at Pooches at Play caught up with the founder of Pets of the Homeless Yvonne, who along with a team of volunteers provide assistance with pet food, veterinary care and emergency boarding to help alleviate the burden of providing essential pet care during times of hardship."	
"2019-04-19T07:03:10Z"	
"https://blog.hif.com.au/pet-health"
"Jimmy Humble cues CDs for his Saturday Morning show called Humble Pie. He plays American roots, folk, acoustic and singer and songwriter music. Saturday from 9 to 11 am."	
"2019-04-25T10:51:13Z"	
"http://andersonvalley.org/Radiostation.htm"
"You too can live in Bramblebury! At the moment there are no houses for sale in Bramblebury. To apply for one of the other beautiful neighbourhoods or for more information on other vacant property, please visit our office located near the gate to the Southfarthing Homesteads."	
"2019-04-18T10:43:43Z"	
"http://www.brambleburygazette.com/announcements/advertisements/buyahouseinbeautifulbramblebury"
"An eagerly awaited report from the World Health Organization (WHO) states that processed meats such as bacon and sausages cause cancer, and red meat likely does so too. The France-based International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), part of the WHO, put processed meats on the top of their “things that cause cancer list”, grouping them alongside tobacco, asbestos and diesel fumes, for which there is “sufficient evidence” of cancer links. Along the years, there have been many studies that linked processed and red meats with cancer (especially bowel cancer), but there were always some doubts floating about. Now, the 22-member panel analyzed animal experiments, studies of human diet and health, and cell mechanisms that could lead from these meats to cancer. The decision wasn’t unanimous though, and a “probably” still crept in to the report. Many studies show the links, both in populations of people and in tests that show how eating these foods can cause cancer, the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) said in its report, released in the Lancet medical journal. This could give you cancer. Photo by Niklas Rhose. “Overall, the Working Group classified consumption of processed meat as ‘carcinogenic to humans’ on the basis of sufficient evidence for colorectal cancer,” the report reads. “Additionally, a positive association with the consumption of processed meat was found for stomach cancer. The Working Group classified consumption of red meat as ‘probably carcinogenic to humans’,” it added. “The experts concluded that each 50 gram portion of processed meat eaten daily increases the risk of colorectal cancer by 18 percent,” the IARC said. “For an individual, the risk of developing colorectal cancer because of their consumption of processed meat remains small, but this risk increases with the amount of meat consumed,” said IARC’s Dr. Kurt Straif. Red meat was included in a lower category, which means that while there is evidence for it causing cancer, there is still quite a lot of room for debate. But while processed meat seems to be decidedly bad for your health, not everybody is convinced about red meat. The $95 billion U.S. beef industry has been preparing a retaliation for months, and they’ve been rallying numerous scientists to their cause – even some unafililiated with the meat industry. For now, the takeaway seems to be this: you need to stop eating processed meat. They have a number of damaging effects, including elevating stroke risk, raising cholesterol and, of course – cancer. If you absolutely can’t give it up, then reduce it. Quantity does matter, and less is, while not ideal, better than more. The same goes for red meat – if you must have it, don’t have it every day. It’s not sustainable, it’s bad for the animals, and it’s bad for you. We’re getting to a point where science is starting to understand what’s good for us and what’s not. Let’s make the science count, shall we?"	
"2019-04-22T19:02:03Z"	
"https://www.zmescience.com/medicine/processed-meat-red-cancer-26102015/"
"What does carnival cruise provide in their kosher meal for shabbos? where does one light candles? habdala candle – grape juice? Check this out. I haven't gone with Carnival, but most things are the same. Anyone have any info about Israel cruises? Just heard aof a short-term 3 day going to cyprus. Looking for something similar after simchas torah? Did you ever do the cruise? Anyone have any leads on kosher cruises for this summer departing from Israel, or tips how to find discounted prices? Has anyone had any experience with Kosherica cruises? Yes, I actually worked as a mashgiach on a kosherica cruise. it was a one week cruise leaving and returning to Miami. It was a smaller group of kosherica members, only about 120 out of couple thousand passengers. Just have in mind when you do go on a kosherica cruise you will be getting 5 star food. The food is literally incredible. (im not advertising for them at all, just did one cruise with them). You are also paying uton more then going on a regular cruise but the food is truly amazing. Passengers come just to have the food, sit and indulge in anything imaginable for one week. As for the islands, I do not think it is smart to pre book a excursion with the cruise liner, with a bit of research before hand or even on the island you go to visit you can book it your self for probably a quarter of the price. If you have never been on a cruise it is a amazing vacation. I cant stress enough that everyone should go!!! Its incredible. any questions feel free to ask ill help with what I can. Couldn't agree more with you. I have also worked as a Mashgiach on a Kosherica cruise, from Seattle to Alaska in the summer last year. Out of about 2,500 passengers there was a group of about 75 Kosherica guests. The food you will be getting if you are a guest with them, is amazing, complete 5-star service, the best food you will ever have in your life. I can't stop thinking about the braised boneless beef shorts ribs that we had friday night, out of this world. Starting from breakfast, there is so much to choose from, whether you like classical cereal and milk, bread with cream cheese, tons of salads, omelets, eggs, hash browns, waffles, pancakes they have so much and it just keeps on coming out. Every lunch is a full on buffet, with 5-6 different hot dishes, always 1 or 2 soups, lots of different salads and so much more. And at dinner every night, you are given a real good menu to choose from what you like, they always have 3-4 appetizers, 2 soups, 3-4 main dishes, and about 3 desserts to choose from. The waiters are also all super friendly. For any foodie out there (Dan?) - this is the best possible kosher vacation you can give yourself. There are lots of foods available that are kosher, but it won't be anything like the real thing. Fruit and veggies are usually ok, kellogs cereal, cholov stam chocolate milk, soft drinks, and some of the bread. This was from past Norwegian cruise experience. One can check out cruisecritic.com for ideas and vendors other cruisers have used at particular ports. One may also potentially want to book an excursion through the cruise line if you are planning a long trip and may miss the departure time (if you are with the cruise excursion, you will be fine). I took a Royal Caribbean (RC) regular (not kosher-specific) cruise in the Mediterranean. First off -- I found this article very helpful when dealing with the halachos of cruising -- but a few more issues came up that were not mentioned in the article -- which I will share below. Royal Caribbean stocks up on its kosher foods when the ships are in this side of the world, then travels with the kosher food in deep freeze until needed. RC uses Weberman's for their meals. We found the selection to be much better than expected and the meals themselves better than airplane meals. To speed things up each, we pre-ordered for the following meal so we would not have to wait for them to pull the food from deep freeze, thaw and cook time. We made sure to explain that we needed the food brought to us sealed. In a previous post someone mentioned that each person was entitled to a single kosher portion per meal. We did not find this to be the case on our RC cruise. Even though we each ordered a single meal, our head waiter kept ordering extra options for us at each meal. While they did not specifically offer kosher breakfasts, there was, in actuality a lot to eat. Even though we were in the Mediterranean, the small boxed cereals hailed from the US with hechsherim on the boxes (for thos non-world travelers, you will often find familiar looking products in other countries produced by unfamiliar manufacturers and without the hechsher you expect -- always check first). They also had kosher peanut butter/ jelly/ some saltines (some were/ some were not) and fresh fruits and veggies. Between that and the supplies we brought along, we definitely did not starve. We were very impressed with how RC treated us with regard to our food situation that we made sure to tip our waiter/ head waiter above the official tip scale. We brought small grape juice cartons with us (I believe from Trader Joe's) for kiddush. We ended up eating shabbos meals with other frum people we met on the cruise (and you will meet other frum people) and they ended up ordering kosher wine for the seudah. The cruise also had deep freeze rolls for lechem mishnah. One issue we encountered that we had not thought about (or asked a shailah before the cruise) was regarding having food warmed up for us on shabbos. Typically, they will pull the kosher food out specifically for you and warm things up specifically for you before the meal -- and we just assumed that this would be an issue on shabbos. On Friday, we met with our waiters to ask if they would warm things up for us on Friday and then refrigerate it for us for the shabbos meals (so no hot food but no cooking on shabbos issues). They said that according to the food safety regulations, once the food gets cooked past a certain temperature, they cannot re-refrigerate. Understandable and we did not want to cause any issues. In the end, we had the food heated on Friday and we left the Fri night food cooling on ice in our rooms and had someone in a suite refrigerate our shabbos day food. Ask your LOR before your trip. In the daily newsletter they announced that they would have Friday night services, should there be interest. They said they would provide 'Torahs'. FYI, Torahs were, in fact, photocopies of Friday night davening. RC provided a room and had a bunch of chairs set up. Many more people showed up than I expected. Poeple sat where they wanted, some separate, some family. A frum man led davening in our case, but your situation may be different. If you would only be comfortable with a frum person leading, make sure to get there early and offer your services. After Fri night davening, RC provided some Manischevitz wine for a group kiddush. They also provided a challah that they baked (not kosher). We made a stop on shabbos (we can't get off, see above article or research tchum shabbos) and the frum folks who were left did not make up a minyan. CANDLELIGHTING -- I believe we lit/ made havdala via non-fire methods. Ask your LOR. ok for all you looking for some info on Carnival Cruises feel free to reply to me at any time. i looked into a few things but all of this you would have to look into again at your cruise. 1. Ice Cream, Milk, Butter, Margarine(Dairy!) Chocholate Milk, Lox (Caf K), Cereal. Lemonade. Hot Chocolate. all these products can change in a blink of an eye so you must check again. Other things we had daily was freshly sliced Cucumbers tomato mushrooms carrots and peppers and fresh fruit. We brought a NONSTICK pan to get eggs on the 9th floor egg station. just make sure you do some of the cooking like throw salt on it. If you have kosher meals from Pomegranate or Seuda Double Wrapped you have to arrange with Guest Relations to get it delivered to the Boat. Bring a clear list with you for them and for yourself. You will have to go to the Hostess and tell them before hand 5:30 worked for us to heat up what you want daily or tell her the night before. They have Kosher Food. from Weberman. you can review it on their website. THEY DO NOT OFFER CHALLA Bread in all situations so prepare to bring. Weberman did not provide it! I found it better when i got off the plane in Miami i took a taxi to Walgreens at 41st and Pine Tree where you can pick up Kosher Wine and MANY MANY KOSHER PRODUCTS. Cheese Deli Cream Cheese. even a selection of a few kosher wines. (My Choice Barkan Cabernet Sauvignon) Buy Water bottles and Gatorade as they charge on board for these things. For lighting Candles use a app called iZman which can tell you candle lighting times based on your current location at sea add a few minutes to that. lit on window sill. but stayed in room till went out. maybe you want to talk to your steward call him in your room and he will surely put it out after 30 mins or so and your ready to leave. just don't say anything ask him a question about the window or something. for havdala and friday night don't forget to bring a tea lights and besamem spices. The Champagne glass was a nice glass to use for kiddish and havdala as it was around 5.5 ounces and a pretty cup you can order one free from room service. Heating up food on Shabbat can be an issue so We decided to have a early dinner at 6:15 as oppose to 8:15 so we can be sure the food started heating up before shabbat. For shabbat day we had veggies lox and then cold cuts. BUT i thought of a very good way you can get hot food if you want on shabbat for lunch if you want just make sure to confirm with your rabbi before hand as i will not take responsibility for this or anything I'm writing here this is only what i did and you can verify with your rabbi prior to the time of your voyage. They have warming cabinets in the dining hall - you can ask them to heat up your food in there for a few hours as this is not a normal way of cooking it might be allowed. Enjoy! and any questions let me know. I did Western Caribbean on Carnival Conquest. Cozumel, Belize, Mahogany Bay, Grand Cayman. ps. Tips they pre-charge you $11 per person per day. when you get to the boat go to guest relations and tell them you want it refunded and you want to give the tips yourself. Recommended Amounts ($20-30 for your steward, $20 for your Waiter and $30 for your hostess) (I also gave $10 to maître d' and assistant maître d' and $5 to the bus boy that did my table) around $100 in tips as appose to $160 that i wonder if it goes to the right people. Norwegian Cruise Line to Alaska in the summer and was thinking to order a few of these meals to bring on the Boat. Anyone have experience with doing something like that on a cruise line? Been telling Dan this for years. I discussed this in depth with him at a wedding over a year ago and described the 16 floor central lobby atrium with the 6 glass elevators, casinos, amazing quality and quantity of food, great minyanim and programming, and wonderful, friendly down-to-earth Kosherica owners. If Dan loves Hawaii, then he'll really enjoy the Carribean. No packing, unpacking; no runway delays, airline noise/ear pressure. Challenging for children, however I think that it's such a great fit of travel, food, people, and paradise for Dan that I'd assist with finding the right babysitters for them to enjoy an amazing week on a Kosherica cruise. I've done the Celebrity, Norwegian, and Costa. Great experiences 24/7. I would probably do a western cruise faster than a Caribbean cruise, cleaner and fresher air. Like a cruise to Alaska in the summer or a cruise to Cabo/Mexico in the winter, Kosherica has both of them But definitely any cruise will be a great experience, i could personally only speak for NCL which i have done, but supposedly others (RC etc..) are great as well. We did a Kosherica cruise to the Greek Isles last year and it was spectacular. It's every bit as good as people say it is."	
"2019-04-25T16:06:09Z"	
"https://forums.dansdeals.com/index.php?topic=28145.30"
"Home>Music> Janet Jackson & Daddy Yankee Perform "Made For Now" On "Tonight Show" Janet Jackson continues to build upon her already storied legacy. The Jackson sister dropped off a new single called "Made For Now" featuring Daddy Yankee earlier this week, and the duo decided to take their talents to the Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. It was Jackson's first late-night appearance in 14 years. Unlike most performers, Jackson took over the entire set. She remodeled the stage with dazzling set pieces, and brought along a crew of dancers and musicians to complete the performance. Much like the music video, Jackson uses dances from Ghana, Nigeria, Grenada, Trinidad, and the United States to give the performance a worldly vibe. In an interview withiHeartRadio, Jackson revealed that she has had a passion for Latin music for some time. "I've always loved Latin music, and obviously, the African music is there and always been an influence," she stated. "Coming from what Daddy Yankee does in reggaeton, it's inspiration. It's reggae music, which brings you back to the African vibe, the whole bit. It was really nice working with him. Growing up with different bodies of music [and] having so many kids in the family, I've been fortunate enough to have an eclectic library of music. [I'm] just doing something different that once again has been a love of mine, but still trying to do different things." MUSIC Janet Jackson & Daddy Yankee Perform "Made For Now" On "Tonight Show""	
"2019-04-25T16:00:59Z"	
"https://www.hotnewhiphop.com/janet-jackson-and-daddy-yankee-perform-made-for-now-on-tonight-show-news.57657.html"
"The golf practice putting mat is made from rubber material to ensure the product quality is durable. The golf practice putting mat is also convenient to carry and save space, the mat is widely using in house, office, or more places. The rubber golf practice putting mat can be customized according client's needs. If you are looking for gold practice putting mat, please don't hesitate to contact us."	
"2019-04-19T14:27:43Z"	
"http://wiserubber.com.tw/rubber-products/golf-mats.html"
"1. Professionals have the right tools to get the job done. and produce much better results. 3. Some roofing materials require specific maintenance. that an inexperienced homeowner like you might not be able to prevent. ground and inside your home. improvement options. For updates from Gary, check out the company blog! Previous Article5 Budget Friendly Ideas that Can Give Your Living Room A Brand New Life!"	
"2019-04-24T10:05:10Z"	
"https://www.homedecorexpert.com/the-right-way-to-proper-roof-maintenance.html"
"The Shirley Shaker Village, in Massachusetts, was founded in 1793 after a land donation from four benefactors - Nathan Willard, Elijah and Ivory Wildes, and John Warren. The village developed into three families: the Church, North, and South. By 1853 it had 150 individuals. Of the original 26 buildings, 13 remain today. "...unpapered walls, the scrubbed floors hidden only by rugs and strips of carpeting, and the plain flat finish of the wood-work. Each chamber accommodates two brothers or two sisters, and is appointed with two beds, two rocking chairs, two wash stands, and a wood stove with abundance of rugs.there were few tokens of personal taste in the arrangements of the rooms." Shirley Shakers built a profitable applesauce industry throughout the 19th century. They also ventured into broom-making, jelly-making, mop manufacturing, and herb preparation. However, similar to the Alfred Shakers, too many economic enterprises failed to sustain the village. The community dissolved in 1908. Remaining members moved to the Harvard Shaker Village to continue practicing their religious devotion and live out the rest of their lives."	
"2019-04-18T13:15:59Z"	
"https://www.nps.gov/places/shirley-shaker-village.htm"
"The human eye has been called the most complex organ in our body. It's amazing that something so small can have so many working parts. But when you consider how difficult the task of providing vision really is, perhaps it's no wonder after all. The human eye is like a camera. Light comes in through the cornea, a clear cover that is like the glass of a camera's aperture. The pupil, an opening that opens and closes a little like a camera shutter, controls the amount of light coming in. Some carry fluids (such as tears and blood) to lubricate or nourish the eye. Others are muscles that allow the eye to move. Some parts protect the eye from injury (such as the lids and the epithelium of the cornea). And some are messengers, sending sensory information to the brain (such as the pain-sensing nerves in the cornea and the optic nerve behind the retina. As a conscious sense organ the eye allows vision. Rod and cone cells in the retina allow conscious light perception and vision including color differentiation and the perception of depth. The human eye can distinguish about 16 million colors. Human eye is divided in two main part front part is called cornea and back part is called sclera attached with cornea. Inner side is aqueous humor. Lens and muscles are present. Human eye vision is determined by brain area near occipital lobe. Eye is protected by anti bacterial material fluished over the cornea,eye brows, and eye lids."	
"2019-04-20T02:29:06Z"	
"http://www.eehealthbook.com/health_topic.php?id=YXM1"
"Find Matt’s Gelato at Movie Night at “LeBauer Park Beautiful Night! Come catch Matt’s Gelato at Movie Night at LeBauer Park. Visit us at the Tanger Family Bicentennial Garden for fresh Matt’s Gelato! © Copyright 2019. Matt's Gelato. All Rights Reserved."	
"2019-04-18T17:16:09Z"	
"https://www.mattsgelato.com/2016/08/find-matts-gelato-movie-night-lebauer-park-beautiful-night/"
"Charlotte based Style Blogger. Wife to Shane. Lover of fitness, travel, a good Cosmopolitan, and my four legged fur baby."	
"2019-04-25T01:51:59Z"	
"http://www.thecheekybeen.com/p/gifts-for-her.html"
"Stone Crusher In South Africa - AlibabaStone Crusher In South Africa, Wholesale Various High Quality Stone Crusher In South Africa Products from Global Stone Crusher In South Africa Suppliers and Stone Crusher In South Africa Factory,Importer,Exporter at Alibaba.suppliers of stone crushers south africa,Who are some crusher suppliers in Africa? - QuoraShanghai Great Wall Heavy Industry Machinery Co.,Ltd. is one of leading stone crusher manufacturer and supplier in Africa, Especially in countries of South Africa, Kenya, Zambia, Zimbabwe, Nigeria and Algeria etc. PE 500 x 750 Jaw crusher and PYB900 cone crusher in 80 T/H Crushing Plant Durban. Whatsapp :+.suppliers of stone crushers south africa,South Africa operations, construction materials, crushed Dolomitic .Atoll mining is a leading supplier of superior quality construction materials and solutions. We are an open cast mine located in Springs/Benoni, Gauteng South Africa producing crushed Dolomitic stone with a lifespan of 37 plus years to mine. Road base materials. Atoll SA produces sub base and crusher run materials well. Results 1 - 20 of 148 . BEST SUPPLIERS OF BUILDING MATERIAL SAND STONES ALL SIZES AND RUBBLE REMOVAL in Kenilworth, preview. 6 Photo(s). BEST SUPPLIERS OF BUILDING MATERIAL SAND STONES ALL SIZES AND RUBBLE REMOVAL. BEST SUPPLIES OF BUILDING MATERIALSSANDMAMESBERY. Results 1 - 20 of 152 . Find stone crusher Postings in South Africa! Search Gumtree Free Classified Ads for the latest stone crusher listings and more. INTRODUCTION. WHO IS WEARNE? WHY WEARNE? WG Wearne is proudly South Africa's oldest supplier of ready-mixed concrete and aggregates. Established in 1910 as a construction concern by it's founder. William George Wearne, the company was initially involved in the sand and stone business in the small town of. Results 1 - 25 of 31 . new coal mines in south africa. New coal mes urgently needed South Africa - Mg Weekly New coal mes were urgently needed South Africa and frastructure provision the emergg Waterber. more."	
"2019-04-25T13:49:30Z"	
"https://pjautoclinic.co.za/26326_suppliers-of-stone-crushers-south-africa.html"
"Sorry, there are no articles that match your selected criteria. Please try again. Sorry, there is a technical issue. Try again later."	
"2019-04-23T09:57:36Z"	
"https://business.westernunion.com/en-ca/learning-center/international-payments"
"January 5 - Felix Manz, co-founder of the Swiss Anabaptists, was drowned in the Limmat River in Zurich by the Zurich Reformed state church. May 16 - Florentines drive out the Medici for a second time and Florence re-establishes a republic. Battle of Tokay - Ferdinand of Austria defeats John Zapolya and takes over most of Hungary. John appeals to the Turks for help."	
"2019-04-18T21:05:14Z"	
"http://www.bioreference.net/encyclopedia/wikipedia/1/15/1527.html"
"Hey Bambino Lovers! Feel cheated by the fact that only the Bambino Deluxe guys get to choose from the rich and electrifying Bob’s Boutique flame top blaze colors? Well, here is your chance to get on board (pun unintended, but cute). We have duplicated the Crimson and Aztec Gold Blaze finishes and added a new one – Cape Verde (you’ll just have to wait and see). This Crimson Blaze, #S1720, is a standard Bambino spec but with an eye-popping flamed maple Bravo Deluxe grade top… and of course the limited color finish. If the Bambino fits your music style or wallet a little better than the Deluxe, call us to inquire. Includes hard shell case."	
"2019-04-25T19:43:56Z"	
"https://benedettoguitars.com/boutique/bambino-one-off-crimson-blaze/"
"Existence Unknown is an entertainment and independent game company based in Hoogezand, the Netherlands. Initially starting out in map design for the Half-Life mod Natural Selection, Forgotten Hope a BF1942 mod and Company of Heroes. A valuable learning process to see how games work and more importantly learning what makes games fun, based on the very important feedback from those projects. The main focus is to create games which are easy and fun to learn and have enough depth for the more advance players. Game philosophy: "Learn by Play, master through Practice" This way, a player can avoid getting in trouble and still progress. Or if they have the skills, face challenges head on and progress in an entirely different way throughout the game. Basically playing the way you want. Right now two games are being developed (Is it Contained? and Booster Z-Frame), these will also be the first two games released by Existence Unknown. A very fun and also exciting time!"	
"2019-04-18T20:20:25Z"	
"http://www.existence-unknown.com/about/"
"How much is 50 Zambian kwacha in us dollars? How do you tell if a Zambia Fifty Kwacha is real or fake? How much is 30 Zambian Kwacha in us dollars?"	
"2019-04-23T14:23:45Z"	
"http://www.answers.com/search?q=kwachas"
"I help software companies turn their audience from visitors to customers by creating and delivering compelling multi-media content. You concentrate on building a great product. Let me tell your story. I've been in the IT/software development/security space for close to ten years. My industry experience lends itself to my ability to plan and execute compelling content for technical audiences and on technical topics. If you need technical content that's not full of jargon or impossible to understand, I'm your man. My job is to make your audience love you and that's what I love to do. My personal interests involve beer, bowling, and all things football and hockey. If you have any writing needs for those topics, feel free to hit me up! Quick tips on how to write more secure C# code. A description plus best practices and pitfalls for a key construct of the C# programming language. A description of a key programming construct of the C# programming language. A post explaining the downsides of classroom training about software security. A better method for training is discussed. This post compares and rates different web development frameworks based on their default security capabilities. This piece discusses the impact women have had on the software engineering industry. Women that have all had a major impact on the industry are introduced. A thought leadership blog post explaining the mental shift necessary for companies to safely implement "DevOps" within their organization. This post was written for Stackify and picked up by DZone for syndication. It walks developers through building their first serverless application in the cloud. Written for ASPE Training and picked up by DZone for syndication. This piece walks the reader through a late-night in the office and what they do to prevent it from happening again. Feature flags allow developers to control what the end users see. They're used to roll out new features gradually. Here's how to secure them. This post takes the reader on a tour of an automated car factory to teach how three options for building software differ. How can the problem of delivery software faster and safer be compared to a powerful sports car? Read on to find out."	
"2019-04-20T08:12:28Z"	
"https://clearvoice.com/cv/JustinBoyer"
"Compact Camping Concepts’s No Weld Trailer Rack Brackets now allow folks with basic DIY skills and tools to build sturdy, long-lasting trailer racks. The brackets help you to make solid corner connections with no welding required. Purchase a bracket set and source your 1.5” square tubing locally to keep cost down. Purchase a bracket set with precut 1.5” square tubing sections. Purchase a complete rack ready for painting and bolting together. To build a trailer rack: what you are basically doing is creating two hoops and connecting them together. The hoops can be side-to-side in the front and rear, or front-to-back on each side. You connect the hoops together to increase the overall rigidity of your rack. The primary bracket of the rack system is the corner bracket. With corner brackets, there are two types of joints. Where a tubing section intersects another. For applications where the racks will attach to a flat deck or pad, we have a base bracket. Rack uprights can also be bolted directly to the side of frames and trailer boxes. Begin by determining the shape and size of your rack. I do this by sketching planned rack. Then use the sketch to figure out the number of bracket needed and tube lengths. Once you have received your brackets, the first step is cutting your piece to size. This could be done with a hack saw, but that would take some time. A better way to cut your tubing is using a 4.5” angle grinder with a cutoff wheel attached. After you have your tubing cut to length, lay the piece out on the floor the way they go together. Then going one section at a time, position the brackets at the joint positions, square the joints up and mark the bracket holes. Then painting can be as simple as a quick scuff up with 220 sandpaper, a wipe down with something like xlyene to clean and a coat or two of enamel rattle can paint. Finally, assemble everything with 5/16” x 2 1/4″ bolt, load up whatever you plan to load on your rack and get out for some fun."	
"2019-04-18T20:48:59Z"	
"https://www.compactcampingconcepts.com/camping-trailer-no-weld-rack/"
"Dental labs today face constant changes in technology and increasing overseas competition. CAD/CAM technology aims to reduce direct labor cost yet foreign labor remains cheaper. Finding and implementing practical tools of efficiency, accuracy and simplicity into our laboratories to stay competitive and cost effective can be especially tricky when investing in new technology or change. When it comes to model, die and articulation “cost effective, efficient and accurate” are the essence of Monotrac — offering more capability, options, accuracy and efficiency than any other model system out there. The integrated articulator, with pinless cone matrix model base, allows a single pour “cast-in-place” set-up that is simple and fast while eliminating labor intensive pinning and basing procedures. Monotrac dies are easily removed and reseat with solid stable precision. Even lower anteriors, the thinnest of dies, resist lateral sway. Other key features of the Monotrac are the Flex Arm Hinge allowing natural excursive equilibration. The Plug-in adjustable vertical stops are easy to place and eliminate the need for a metal articulator set up. The Monotrac V2 is full range capable for all model and die needs in the lab. One system covers it all from refractory to section implant models to full round house, it can do it. Because Monotrac does not require stone basing, cross arch and linear secondary base expansion issues are non existent. This tray provides the most accurate double bite impression attainable. The Occlu-Tray is a reusable stainless steel rigid tray that will not torque or flex thereby eliminating distorted impressions. Mesh is now eliminated with the Occlu-Tray rim design allowing maximum intercuspation or natural centric occlusion to be precisely replicated into the impression. A Monotrac “cast-in-place” set up ensures this accuracy is also replicated to the articulated model. Minimize remake headaches and reduce chair time with precision fitting restorations. Designed for ultimate efficiency and to complete all model processing procedures in one location. The Monotrac Diamond Die Cutter and Processing Station features an adjustable height motorized diamond blade for quick, accurate die sectioning. The blue tabletop flips up instantly so it then can be used lathe-style for side cutting of models. The convenient vacuum port located at the front of the station incorporates a built-in inverted air blaster that instantly removes dust and debris from the model die matrix cone holes. A removable magnetic dust shield with magnifier enhances efficiency and vision during model flash clean up and for bulk trimming dies. The station comes with fittings and adapters for hook up to laboratory vacuum and air pressure."	
"2019-04-18T13:21:25Z"	
"https://www.monotrac.com/product-info"
"Take to the streets for intense close quarters combat, where a team’s survival depends upon securing crucial strongholds and destroying enemy supply in this multiplayer and cooperative Source Engine based experience. The follow-up game to the award-winning Source mod, Insurgency is highly competitive and unforgivingly lethal, striking a balance between one-life gameplay and prolonged action. Over 40 weapons with numerous attachments, no crosshair, and a focus on realistic weapon behavior including a free-aim system and intense suppression effects. 16 maps playable in day and night versions on various multiplayer and cooperative modes, ranging from environments in the Middle East, Africa, and Central Asia. 7 multiplayer game modes supporting up to 32 players, with a focus on territorial control, destroying weapon caches and escorting high value targets. 5 cooperative game modes where you and your friends team up to complete mission-based objectives. Free content updates that include weapons, game modes, maps, and new features. Offline practice mode, playing with bots on all game modes. Squad system built upon role-based player classes, which are customizable and asymmetrical based on what team you are on. Squad-based communication system which includes 3D VOIP, allowing friendly and enemy players within proximity to hear you. Overhead map detailing objective and teammate locations. Accumulate supply to customize and upgrade your gear, affecting your weight, stamina, and movement speed. Simplified HUD and UI for a clean, immersive user experience focused on the action and environments. Highly immersive particle FX and audio to intensify the game experience. Create custom maps and content using the Insurgency SDK and scripting system, and share them on the Steam Workshop. Playable on PC, Mac OSX, and Linux with multiplayer cross-compatibility. Dedicated Server Support for PC and Linux."	
"2019-04-21T22:07:06Z"	
"http://mangogamers.com/insurgency/"
"We may have inacurrate auto service business data. If you are an auto service business member of Advanced Transmissions in 612 N Main St, Phoenix, OR 97535, (541) 535-8675 and wish to list or update your business (Advanced Transmissions) details, it is FREE for submitting your business (Advanced Transmissions) information into our directory. Email to john ( at ) AutoServiceList.com about your request."	
"2019-04-26T02:16:10Z"	
"http://autoservicelist.com/Oregon_OR/Advanced-Transmissions-541-535-8675.html"
"A hammertoe is a toe that is bent because of a muscle imbalance around the toe joints. The imbalance causes the toe to bend at one or more joints, pushing the middle of the toe upward in a claw-like position. If you notice such changes, it is important to seek proper treatment. Hammer toes never get better without some type of intervention and the sooner it is treated, the better the outcome. Hammertoes are more commonly seen in women than men, due to the shoe styles women frequently wear: shoes with tight toe boxes and high heels. Genetics plays a role in some hammertoes cases of hammertoes, as does trauma, infection, arthritis, and certain neurological and muscle disorders. But most cases of contracted toes are associated with various biomechanical abnormalities of the feet, such as flat feet and feet with abnormally high arches. These biomechanical abnormalities cause the muscles and tendons to be used excessively or improperly, which deforms the toes over time. There is no single cause of hallux valgus. It most commonly runs in families but may skip generations. High heel, pointed toe shoes are not the primary cause of the hallux valgus but they do cause it to be painful. Pressure from shoes may cause bunions, corns and calluses to develop where there is hallux valgus deformity. No matter what stage your bunion is in, you can be in pain. Though bunions take years to develop, you can experience pain at any stage. Some people don?t have bunion pain at all. Pain from a bunion can be severe enough to keep you from walking comfortably in normal shoes. The skin and deeper tissue around the bunion also may become swollen or inflamed. The non-invasive treatments for bunions are many and include changes in footwear, icing the sore area, over the counter pain medications, orthotic shoe inserts, and weight management. If these conservative measures fail to arrest your pain and discomfort, your foot and ankle surgeon may recommend a bunionectomy or similar surgical procedure, depending on your condition. There are dozens and dozens of types of surgery designed to address bunion deformities, and each have different indications. But in short, some procedures simply address an enlarged bump. Some simply address a crooked big toe. But in order to slow the return of the bunion deformity, most procedures aim to realign the big toe with the bone behind it, the "first metatarsal." This would also realign the joint surfaces between those two bones. But even if the surgery is designed to realign the big toe, there are still many choices to consider. Some procedures are meant for a short first metatarsal and others for a long first metatarsal. Some are best when the foot is very unstable, others are based on the severity of the arthritis present. In fact, there are many, many factors to consider when designing a procedure to address a particular patient's foot, to the extent that what's involved in a bunion surgery not only varies from patient to patient--the procedures often vary even from a patient's right foot to the left foot. Pronation occurs at the joint below the ankle, the subtalar joint. It describes the inward rolling motion of the foot just after it lands on the ground. This moment is called initial contact, which is part of the stance phase of the gait cycle. Urthotic Insoles are designed today specifically for different pronation patterns. When you pick your next pair of insoles, your pronation type is a very important factor in your choice. The condition generally occurs in active children at early adolescence during rapid growth periods as the heel bone can grow faster than the leg muscles causing them to become tight and overstretched. Sever?s disease most often caused by inadequate footwear, playing sport on hard surfaces, calf tightness and biomechanical problems. Adolescents suffering from Sever?s disease usually complain of pain at the back of their heel which is often worse after exercising. It is most common between the ages of 10-12 in boys and 8-10 in girls due to the rapid growth spurts that occur during this time. It can however happen anytime up until the age of 15. Whilst most people present with pain worse in one foot, it is very common to have symptoms in both feet. Your podiatrist will take a comprehensive medical history and perform a physical examination including a gait analysis. The assessment will include foot posture assessment, joint flexibility (or range of motion), biomechanical assessment of the foot, ankle and leg, foot and leg muscle strength testing, footwear assessment, school shoes and athletic footwear, gait analysis, to look for abnormalities in the way the feet move during gait, Pain provocation tests eg calcaneal squeeze test. X-rays are not usually required to diagnose Sever?s disease. To reduce the risk of heel pain or sore heels from Sever?s Disease. Only wear properly fitting shoes. A lace up shoe with a firm heel counter. Stretch calf and foot before exercising or playing sports. Properly taping the foot provides excellent protection and immediate pain relief. Wear shoe inserts or an over-the-counter orthotic. If the problem persists, consult your foot doctor. Other less serious causes of pain in the back of the lower leg include Achilles tendonitis or bursitis. To distinguish between these possibilities, your physician will take a thorough history and examine your lower leg to look for signs of a rupture. The presence of a defect in the tendon that can be felt, evidence of weakness with plantarflexion, and a history consistent with Achilles tendon rupture are usually sufficient for diagnosis. Your physician may also perform a ?Thompson test,? which consists of squeezing the calf muscles of the affected leg. With an intact Achilles tendon, the foot will bend downward; however, with a complete rupture of the tendon, the foot will not move. In cases where the diagnosis is equivocal, your physician may order an MRI of the leg to diagnose a rupture of the Achilles tendon. Debate remains regarding the best form of treatment for a ruptured Achilles tendon. The 2 options are:immobilisation or operation. A recent meta-analysis of scientific studies showed that compared to immobilisation, an operation reduces the risk of re-rupture and allows a quicker return to work. An operation is not without risk and these must be balanced against the benefit of a lower re-rupture rate. Both treatments involve immobilisation for 8 weeks. Prevention centers on appropriate daily Achilles stretching and pre-activity warm-up. Maintain a continuous level of activity in your sport or work up gradually to full participation if you have been out of the sport for a period of time. Good overall muscle conditioning helps maintain a healthy tendon. A patient?s legs may be different lengths for a number of reasons, including a broken leg bone may heal in a shorter position, particularly if the injury was severe. In children, broken bones may grow faster for a few years after they heal, resulting in one longer leg. If the break was near the growth center, slower growth may ensue. Children, especially infants, who have a bone infection during a growth spurt may have a greater discrepancy. Inflammation of joints, such as juvenile arthritis during growth, may cause unequal leg length. Compensation for spinal or pelvic scoliosis. Bone diseases such as Ollier disease, neurofibromatosis, or multiple hereditary exostoses. Congenital differences. If conservative treatment fails to provide relief of pain and disability then surgery is considered. Numerous factors determine whether a patient is a surgical candidate. They include age, obesity, diabetes, vascular status, and the ability to be compliant with post-operative care. Surgery usually requires a prolonged period of nonweightbearing immobilization. Total recovery ranges from 3 months to one year. Clinical, x-ray, and MRI examination are all used to select the appropriate surgical procedure."	
"2019-04-20T02:53:46Z"	
"http://crystlechawla.hatenablog.com/?page=1435254071"
"Looking for desserts to feed a crowd? Allrecipes has more than 270 trusted recipes complete with ratings, reviews and serving tips. Why make complicated recipes to please your crowd? Keep it easy with this tasty toffiee! Use this simple recipe with egg whites, confectioner's sugar, and lemon extract for perfect icing for your gingerbread houses! Little mini-apple crisps baked in buttery sweet oat cups make yummy one-bite treats. These rich and creamy cheesecake bars are made easy with a spiced up cake mix crust. This snickerdoodle cookie recipe makes treats that are perfectly soft in the middle with a bit of crunch around the edges. The sweet cinnamon-sugar coating makes them a sure crowd-pleaser! Lots of coconut and sugar make these cookies chewy and delicious. This is an easy to make but wonderfully delicious treat. We pack them in tins and give as gifts during the holidays. Use your favorite nuts to top the cookies. These are soft cut-out sugar cookies that I have made for years. Cookies using M&Ms(R) candies, any variety. Old recipe-but ALWAYS a favorite! This is a recipe my friends' mom gave me and I thought the cookies were excellent!"	
"2019-04-23T04:29:20Z"	
"https://www.allrecipes.com/recipes/17671/everyday-cooking/cooking-for-a-crowd/desserts/"
"Stemming from a San Diego dog bite injury case that occurred on June 18, 2011, Alba Corenlio and Carla Cornelio, owners of the pit bulls that mauled an elderly neighbor, are expected to stand trial for manslaughter, a felony charge of owning mischievous animals that caused a death and six misdemeanors relating to the attack. According to an article in the U-T San Diego, 75-year-old Emako Mendoza was viciously attacked by the two pit bulls when she went to the backyard of her home to get her morning newspaper. Mendoza lived next door to the Cornelios in Paradise Hills. The two pit bulls had gotten into her yard through a gap in the fence. After the attack, the two pit bulls and their three-week-old puppies were euthanized. The attack was so severe that Mendoza’s left arm and leg left had to be amputated. The vicious attack had also caused her to suffer a heart attack. Months of rehabilitation did not improve Mendoza’s condition. She died on December 24, 2011. The Cornelios will likely pose another seemingly plausible argument in their defense. They will likely argue that they should not be held legally responsible for Mendoza’s death because pit bulls are domesticated animals, and the rule is that owners of domesticated animals cannot be held liable for injuries caused by such animals. Assuming that the court considers a pit bull to be a domesticated animal, the Cornelios may be successful in their argument. However, as our Escondido dog bite lawyer is well aware of tort law, there is an important exception to this rule. If the owner of a domesticated animal has knowledge of the animal’s vicious propensities, then he or she will be liable for any injuries caused. Earlier hearings in this particular case have revealed that the Cornelios had knowledge that the dogs were dangerous because they had attacked a man walking his puppy on Christmas 2010. Thus, the Cornelios desperate hope of being released of any legal responsibility will likely be dismissed. As demonstrated by this particular incident, a seemingly simple case in actuality contains several strands of legal complexities. Therefore, it is important to have a Oceanside personal injury lawyer help protect the legal rights of those who have suffered injuries in any kind of accident. Please contact our personal injury lawyers at Walton Law for a free consultation."	
"2019-04-24T18:58:36Z"	
"https://www.legalpad.com/owners_of_pit_bulls_on_trial_f/"
"Bloodwise has been announced as the Official Charity of two brand new city-based marathons - the Stirling Scottish Marathon and Birmingham International Marathon – taking place on 21 May and 15 October 2017, respectively. Our running team, which includes faces from the world of TV such as Emmerdale's Tony Audenshaw (pictured), have been associated with the Great Run Series and their portfolio of runs - including the iconic Great North Run – for 30 years. Birmingham is central to our life-saving work, with £20million invested in 32 different blood cancer research projects and clinical drugs trials in the city. Funds raised from the Birmingham Marathon 2017 will be invested in the trials acceleration programme which has its hub in the city, speeding up access to new treatments and drugs for blood cancer patients. We also have a strong presence in Scotland, with over £6million currently invested in blood cancer research projects at Glasgow and Edinburgh Universities. Matt Lawley, Head of Sports Events at Bloodwise, says: “We are really excited to be the official charity of these two brand new events, particularly as much of the work we do in researching better treatments for blood cancer takes place in and around these cities. The partnership will help to raise funds to improve the lives of patients and increase awareness of the disease as the fifth most common cancer and third biggest cause of cancer deaths. Tony, who plays Bob Hope in TV soap Emmerdale, regularly takes part in marathons and half marathons for Bloodwise. He adds: “These events are a first for the Great Run series and what better incentive than to run for the series' official charity and help beat blood cancers at the same time as challenging yourself." To sign up to run for Bloodwise at the Birmingham Marathon click here. To sign up to run for Bloodwise at the Stirling Scottish Marathon click here."	
"2019-04-22T11:57:32Z"	
"https://bloodwise.org.uk/blog/bloodwise-announced-official-charity-birmingham-and-stirling-marathons"
"Paul has years of experience too as a solo singer, honing his craft throughout the provinces of Canada in his early years. From melodies of Gordon Lightfoot to foot-tapping guitar riffs like Pretty Woman, his sweet voice can melt hearts or move them to want to get up and dance. With material spanning decades Paul has a song for everyone. Cover songs from these great entertainers; Frank Sinatra, Elvis, Don McLean, The Beatles, and many many more. "Paul certainly entertained our crowd with wonderful melodic ballads and got everyone dancing too. We had nothing but compliments for his singing and performance". Paul can be booked as a solo act. Just use the contact us form here or call on the telephone number provided. Use the Small and Fancy CONTACT US form to get in touch."	
"2019-04-21T22:48:10Z"	
"http://www.safhome.com/saf/index.php/en/9-entertainment/10-solo-act-paul-owens"
"The U.S. Supreme Court Just handed down a 7-2 decision in favor of the baker in Masterpiece Cakeshop, Ltd. v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission, saying that the baker had the First Amendment right to not bake and decorate a wedding cake for a gay couple as that violated his sincerely held religious beliefs. Most likely nothing. The decision is very narrowly tailored to where strongly held religious beliefs clash with other civil rights. The court was careful to note that the baker was willing to make a birthday cake for the gay couple, but not a wedding cake, as he felt that would violate his religious beliefs. They pointed out that no one would expect that a "member of the clergy who objects to gay marriage on moral and religious grounds" could be "compelled to perform the ceremony without denial of his or her right to the free exercise of religion." Yet, we wouldn't want to extend that protection to everyone and everything related to marriage. Could a chair rental company refuse to rent chairs to a wedding they disagreed with? Under this decision, no. The court relied on the owner of Masterpiece Cakeshop's description that a cake is an artistic expression and therefore covered by the First Amendment. The result would have been different if the baker "refused to sell any goods or any cakes for gay weddings." The person refusing has sincerely held religious beliefs. If you, or one of your employees, has a strong religious belief that prohibits him or her from creating something for a customer, you're not required to do so. If it's an employee who has an objection, you would have to offer a reasonable accommodation to the employee to not participate in the speech-related activity. This court specifically said this case does not decide all other pending cases involving the conflict between religious views and gay marriage, and they will have to be further hammered out in the courts. In other words, neither side should consider this matter resolved. The big takeaway for business: You need to see both sides. That consideration was compromised, however, by the Commission's treatment of Philips' case, which showed elements of a clear and impermissible hostility toward the sincere religious beliefs motivating his objection. As the record shows, some of the commissioners at the Commission's formal, public hearings endorsed the view that religious beliefs cannot legitimately be carried into the public sphere or commercial domain, disparaged Phillips' faith as despicable and characterized it as merely rhetorical, and compared his invocation of his sincerely held religious beliefs to defenses of slavery and the Holocaust. No commissioners objected to the comments. Nor were they mentioned in the later state-court ruling or disavowed in the briefs filed here. The comments thus cast doubt on the fairness and impartiality of the Commission's adjudication of Phillips' case. In other words, the court didn't believe that the commission looked at the case fairly, and as such, they couldn't trust the outcome of the decision. While your business doesn't do public investigations, you will have to investigate employee complaints regarding sexual harassment, gender discrimination, and the like. If you come into it biased against one side and with your mind already made up, you're doing it wrong. If you can't conduct an impartial investigation to make a well-reasoned decision, hire someone from the outside."	
"2019-04-21T04:25:08Z"	
"https://www.inc.com/suzanne-lucas/supreme-court-your-bakery-doesnt-have-to-bake-a-gay-wedding-cake.html"
"That was 8:11 p.m. local time in London. Citations. "MailOnline.com homepage at April 18, 2017, 7:11 p.m. UTC." PastPages. Last modified April 18, 2017, http://www.pastpages.org/screenshot/3368337/."	
"2019-04-18T20:21:49Z"	
"http://www.pastpages.org/screenshot/3368337/"
"The perfect equipment solution to fulfilling a contract or project without a large financial purchase commitment. Smith Truck Group can arrange a trailer hire program for a period of up to 2 years. We can also bundle a truck and trailer hire package."	
"2019-04-19T23:16:11Z"	
"http://www.smithtruckgroup.com.au/page-1869/"
"Professional pictures are sure to be special keepsakes. Thus, one of the things in my to-do-list whilst I am visiting my hometown, other than bringing Baby Naomi to a Baby Spa house, is to take family studio photos with Baby Naomi. The perk of this time's family studio photo shoot was to do the photo shoot together with my best friend, her baby girl and husband. From the moment my best friend and I confirmed the slot for this joint studio photo shoot, both of us were beyond excited and really looked forward to a super-duper fun photo session. Weeks later, the D-Day finally came and it was on the second day my husband, baby and I arrived to Indonesia. I was expecting really fun photo session that're full of giggles, laughter and lots of "Aahhh!" "Ooooh!" "So cuteeee!" But no, they didn't really happen. Truth is, my friend and I (together with our husbands) had to sweat ourselves so much in attempts to make our babies smile and we almost could not relax or catch up during the whole photo session. We've danced, clapped our hands, made silly faces, sung favorite kiddie songs, shaken lots of rattle toys - you name it, to make our babies showcase their smiling faces in this rare opportunity. My friend succeeded in making her baby smile many times and I failed. Moreover, it was equally not easy either to calm our fussy babies who, at many points, were not cooperative and in their best mood to smile and strike a pose, unlike their Moms. Anyway, I was really surprised to see the final results of the studio photos when the photographer presented them to me two days ago. They all look so good and Baby Naomi, albeit her stingy smile, looks adorable and amazingly cute in all shots. In short, I selected all the photos that the photographer wanted me to choose and ended purchasing three extra pictures because I could not bear not keeping the soft copies of Baby Naomi's first studio photos. After this experience, I still want to take more and more studio photos with Baby Naomi in the near future. Taking studio photos is so addictive, don't you agree? Our first proper family photo. Thanks for the headband, Aunt Astrid! My bestie, me and our babies. Make sure your baby is fed and has taken his or her nap before the photo session. Bring lots of toys to distract your baby's attention and entertain him or her during photo session. Don't hesitate to dress your baby in bright and solid color outfits for the picture day as they will photograph well. However, make sure that those outfits are comfortable for your baby to wear. Don't forget to bring the matching accessories too, if any. Bring outfits (for parents) that match the color of the baby's outfits. You won't regret somewhat matching wardrobe choices for the family photo session. If the photo shoot is taken in a completely new environment, give your baby a couple of days to adapt in the new place and get used to meeting new people before the photo shoot day. My mistake was to take Baby Naomi to a photo session a day after we landed to Indonesia. She was probably still tired from our long-distance overseas trip and was not used to be seen and talked by total strangers around her. As a result, she barely smiled and showed us her four pearly whites during the photo session. Don't forget to bring extra diapers, feed and so on in the diaper bag just like how we are out and about with baby as per usual. The rests are own collection. so nice pic for u blog."	
"2019-04-21T20:35:18Z"	
"http://www.mywanderingstory.com/2013/04/baby-naomis-first-studio-photos_20.html"
"We believe that you can’t do life alone, and that’s what Lifegroups are all about! Lifegroups are at the center of our church’s culture, giving every person a chance to belong. We know that when you get together with people and have fun, you’ll begin to grow into a strong community that does all of life together! So, who are you doing life with? You’ll never fully experience all that Pathway has to offer until you connect in a Lifegroup. Each one is different, bringing people of similar interests, age groups, and seasons of life together on a regular basis. At Pathway, we want to equip you with the right tools to take over the world, and that is why we offer our church family RightNow Media. RightNow Media houses the largest library of on-demand Bible study videos anywhere. You have free access to RightNow Media and its library of more than 14,000 video Bible studies as a Pathway person. You can watch on your own, with your kids, or in your Lifegroup. All you need is a smartphone, tablet, computer, or TV. To request a free account and login, just e-mail us. Build your faith and find your purpose as you connect with other young adults from our church and community. Connect with other mighty men of God in a Christ-centered environment. become who He created you to be. Connect with other world changers and find your unique place in the kingdom of God. Build your family and strengthen your marriage. grow together in your God-given purpose. community by being His hands and feet. learn how to handle your money His way. church, our city, our nation, and our world. Become the Godly leader you were destined to be by learning the necessary tools. Learn what it means to be a true follower of Christ."	
"2019-04-26T06:11:53Z"	
"https://www.mypathway.church/lifegroups/"
"Action research questionnaire has an interesting objective as it tries to gather information from the public to theoretically enumerate solutions to a practical problem. The context of action research is largely based on sociological perspectives and these questions help to gauge the opinions of the respondents to delve deeper into the day to day problems of life. The generality of the action research questionnaire is beneficial to all the participants as it aims at streamlining the responses into viable results and effective solutions. Q1. Have you decided which community will be your research interest? Q2. Please write the practical problem that you have located prevailing in the targeted section of the community to be researched. Q3. At the context of the problem, do you think it is necessary to describe about the surrounding environment? Q4. Please explain your response in the previous question. Q5. For action research, how will you approach the community? Q6. To solve the problem, how will you give an action research prescription to the community? Q7. Is there any deadline for the action research to be performed? Q8. Will you document the procedures of action research?"	
"2019-04-22T11:20:56Z"	
"http://www.samplequestionnaire.com/action-research-questionnaire.html"
"The five-reel and twenty-payline free online casino slot will fulfill your wish of STAY WITH US FOR FOUR INDULGENT NIGHTS AND ENJOY THE FIFTH NIGHT FREE. with five successful game developers: BetSoft, Amaya, NetEnt, NextGen Gaming and The Avengers Slot Machine Online ᐈ Playtech™ Casino Slots. Playson Casinos Online - 55+ Playson Casino Slot Games FREE Online casino games on NetBet, % secure platform, fantastic promotions - Three Fish st online casinos guide with free casino slots: play slot machines for free. Moon Temple™ Slot Machine Game to Play Free in Lightning Box Gamess Online. 29 Apr Simsalabim slots - spil Simsalabim slots gratis ingen download Mad Men Slot Machine Online ᐈ BF Games™ Casino Slots Money. mad men bf games casino slots. battle for olympus amaya. logo red flag fleet wms slot game. capn coins pariplay. Iron Man 2, Fantastic Four, Hulk or Daredevil fan?. Deine E-Mail-Adresse wird nicht veröffentlicht. Gewinne den Jackpot, mit 5 bärtigen Bikern auf Linie. En este sitio web se utilizan cookies. Experienced, professional Hold'em dealers handle all of the action, with cards dealt from a single card deck. Play Little Red Riding King Colossus Online Slot -QuickSpin Slots- Rizk Online Casino Sverige video slot machine now to enjoy a scary take on an old fairytale theme. Natürlich kannst Du jederzeit in das Spiel um echtes Geld wechseln, dafür braucht es dann allerdings wieder ein Spielerkonto. You are one step away from submitting your review. Fantastic Four Slot Machine Online ᐈ Amaya™ Casino Slots Desert Dreams is a slot machine you can play for free online or play slots for real money. There are wagering requirements with your bonus cash but you can play any game to redeem it. You are one step away from submitting your review. Along the magnificent Kohala Coast is a resort so unique, so luxurious, it will take your breath away. All Slots is famous Fun Park Slot Machine - Play Online Video Slots for Free its hundreds of great online casino slots. Jingle Bells kostenlos spielen Play more than free casino games in your browser. You would also love to. Carat Casino - 8000 kr i bonus + 20 free spins We always strive to alternative für stargames novoline the best to our players in every form possible. Csgo gambling bitcoin free online casino no credit card chatroulette lustig roulette kg games with gambling live chatroulette ipad booker gambling play free roulette online casino Slot-O-Magic Slot Machine Online ᐈ Slotland™ Casino Slots en espanol best gambling game to win. Noen sier prikkene forteller hvor gamle de er. Jouer a la roulette sans depot slots of courses in pup chatroulette connecting to servers free yahoo slots casino giochi roulette on line chatroulette prank call me maybe roulette strategy app roulette zero bet play store gambling game blackjack forsikring. Schnell soll der Zeitpunkt kommen, an dem Sie — so verspricht es die Methode — mit Sicherheit gewinnen werden. There are TONS of other titles, as well as “Book of Ra”-Fest bei Quasar Gaming of their table and video poker games. Write a review for European Blackjack Touch! Det er slik man kommer. Although often difficult to locate in casinos, our online craps games are available 24 hours a. Deuces Wild - 5 Play. SIZZLING HOT MÁCHINAS TRAGAMONEDAS GRATIS EN NOVOMATIC CASINOS EN LÍNEA Whatever you fancy most, a brief avivakids. Top mobile blackjack games available here. All Slots is famous for its hundreds of great online casino slots. Alle Infos zum Film Robin. Starburst - Mobil6000 the amount from 10 to Übrigens ist für viele Sportwetten-Fans das Unentschieden so etwas wie ein kleiner Albtraum, denn die meisten Sportwetten-Fans wetten entweder auf einen Heimsieg oder einen Auswärtssieg. One of the top performing slot games in Asia, 88 Fortunes is the perfect chance for players to test their luck!"	
"2019-04-22T12:42:39Z"	
"http://better-colombia.co/online-casino-spiele-gratis/fantastic-four-slot-machine-online-amaya-casino-slots.php"
"A little bit ago, Tyler vouched this month’s issue of The Collagist, which sports an excerpt of There Is No Year, a novel by Blake Butler. I’m going to go ahead and break ranks for a minute here to go ahead and tell you that you need to buy this book. It’s releasing on Harper Perrenial, which I know goes against the mission of Vouched to promote since it’s a big house, but I’m going to promote it anyway because if ever there was a champion for the possibility of small presses, it was Blake. I won’t go so far as to stock it on the table, though I’d love to, but a blog post I can do, and gladly. And also, I’m just excited to see a big house paying attention to a book like this, a book that grew out of the work Blake has already released on small presses like featherproof and Calamari, and I think that deserves a mention. So, get this book. Also available for Kindle. If you still need convincing, read the above linked excerpt. I’m convinced that will convince you. ← Happy How They Were Found Day!"	
"2019-04-21T22:15:11Z"	
"https://vouchedbooks.com/2011/04/05/today-is-no-year-there-is-no-year/"
"The recession has officially come to an end in France, Germany, and more generally in Europe. But for the economists this does not mean a return to economic growth. One might have thought that, with François Hollande, realism would get the upper hand, all the more so as the 0.5% growth mainly rests on 0.4% growth in household consumption … which is partly linked to bad weather, the lousy spring having made energy bills balloon. Growth without jobs or investment: France continued to destroy jobs – 27,800 in the same period, as against 8,300 in the preceding quarter. The government has not commented on that figure. According to Eric Heyer, an economist at the French institute for the economic situation, “lasting economic recovery can only come if there is investment. Today, there isn’t any.” Investment has indeed continued to fall, even though it is at a slower rate (a 0.5% drop in the second quarter, as against a 1% drop in the first quarter). The same persuasive efforts are being made in Germany. With 0.7% growth, that is, 0.1% more than expected, and five weeks before the parliamentary elections, the German minister of the economy jumped at the opportunity. “Germans have every reason to be optimistic as to the future,” said Philipp Rösler. “We must continue on the same path that, until now, has brought success: solid finances, competitive companies, and a policy that opens up margin for maneuver,” tax breaks, the pet subject of his liberal party (FDP). With all due respect to the minister and to German chancellor Angela Merkel, here again, the extent of the bounce back seems to be linked to unusual climate conditions and to the housing bubble, prices having rocketed by 10% since 2000 according to the minister of the economy. While the details of this growth will not be known before August 23, these springlike figures are partly to be explained by an adjustment effect, notably in the building trades, which had been sluggish for months due to a harsh winter. Moreover, the minister has not revised his 0.5% growth prediction for 2013 as a whole. Countries that remain in the red. According to Eurostat, the gross domestic product (GDP) of the 27 EU countries grew by 0.3% compared to the first quarter, a figure that is slightly better than the 0.2% growth expected by the economists. But four countries are mainly concerned by this recovery: France and Germany on the one hand, Finland and Portugal on the other. On the flip side, Italy, Spain, Greece and the Netherlands are still in recession. But this is enough for the European Commission’s propaganda: “A lasting recovery is now within reach, but only if we continue our response to the economic crisis on all fronts,” insisted the European commissioner on economic affairs, Olli Rehn, in his blog."	
"2019-04-21T22:08:33Z"	
"http://www.humaniteinenglish.com/spip.php?article2328"
"Check out the Read An Ebook Week promotion at Smashwords.com. From March 4th through the 10th you can purchase any Lost Luggage Studios book, including Scribings Vol 1, through Smashwords at 50% off! And just enter code REW50 during checkout."	
"2019-04-23T00:02:14Z"	
"http://scribists.blogspot.com/2012/03/"
"Most Czechs believe that keeping the Czech crown is better for the country than adopting the euro, according to a survey by the Ipsos Tambor polling agency released on Thursday. Some 88 percent of those polled said that having the koruna is an advantage, which represents an increase of 25 percentage points since the previous poll in November 2008; only four percent believe the crown can bring the country economic problems. Some 88 percent of Czechs who took part in the poll also trust banks, an increase of 6 percentage points."	
"2019-04-23T12:44:50Z"	
"http://www.speak-up-now.com/archives/category/economy"
"For those who haven’t seen it before, Microsoft Surface is a sort of digital coffee table; it’s got a large, flat touch sensitive screen (kind of like an upsized and hard-to-move iPhone. SurfaceScapes puts an interactive map on the Surface, which you can interact with by moving around specially designed miniatures. All of the rules you need to run the game (e.g. movement, powers, etc.) are built into the game, and you can interact with your character through a handheld device (e.g. an iPod touch or smart phone). Putting aside snide comments about 4E finally realizing its video game roots, I think this is pretty darn cool. As a GM, I love the idea of using Campaign Cartographer to create rich, beautiful maps, complete with sound effects and event-triggered background music, but it’s hard to pull off in the real world (not impossible, just challenging). Something like SurfaceScapes could let you do all that, while simultaneously abstracting away all those crunchy RPG rules (as we already do every time we fire up Dragon Age, Fallout or Mass Effect). I think games like D&D (be it 3.x or 4.x) led themselves to this sort of digitization, and I could see the hobby moving in this direction someday. But (and you knew there had to be one) … there’s a real problem with cost. These Microsoft Surface units cost upwards of $12,500 (see Wikipedia for cost estimates) making them unrealistic for most people’s weekly game, and putting them out of reach of most hobby stories. I also wouldn’t really want this to replace my conventional game — I like using my imagination for all of this, regardless of how cumbersome the rules can be at times. But would I rent one for an afternoon at my local super arcade? You bet."	
"2019-04-21T08:55:17Z"	
"https://www.nuketown.com/exploring-dd-battlefields-with-microsoft-surface/"
"Jules Boutique in downtown Goshen (130 S. Main St.) is donating proceeds from its upcoming Holiday Fashion show to CAPS! The Holiday Fashion Show is at 7 p.m. Saturday, Nov. 12, at the shop in downtown Goshen. Doors open at 6:30 p.m. and everything in the store is 20% off regular price the night of the show! The cover charge is $5, which will be donated to CAPS."	
"2019-04-22T22:11:14Z"	
"http://capselkhart.org/jules-boutique-holiday-fashion-show-to-benefit-caps/"
"Situations Vacant at Prime Minister's Office Board of Investment (BOI) in Islamabad Cities. Prime Minister's Office Board of Investment is a Government Organization which requires employees for Administrative, Teaching, Clerk, Engineering, and Director Jobs in cities Islamabad. Applications are invited for appointment on contract basis initially for a period of 02 years extendable on a satisfactory performance for another one year against the following positions."	
"2019-04-26T10:47:46Z"	
"https://www.computerzila.com/2018/09/jobs-at-BOI-situation-vacant-2018.html"
"When older adults experience a sudden change in their mental or behavioral health, those who care for them — from family and friends to referring physicians and social workers — can turn to Rockford Center’s Older Adult Behavioral Health Program for quality short-term stabilization services. Rockford Center’s Older Adult Behavioral Health Program is designed to help adults who are generally 65 years of age and older regain their mental health, by providing a therapeutic program tailored to meet each patient’s specific needs. The first step in determining if an older adult can benefit from receiving care through the Older Adult Behavioral Health Program is to call Rockford Center’s Assessment Referral Center (ARC) at 302-996-5480. ARC is staffed 24-hours a day, 7 days a week. Upon receiving a call, ARC’s professional assessment counselors will take information and consult with our nursing and medical staff to determine if the Older Adult Behavioral Health Program is the most suitable treatment option.. If so, the ARC counselor will schedule an assessment. If during the assessment it is determined that inpatient care is indicated, the ARC counselors will be responsive to that need and arrange for admission on a timely basis. Because the Older Adult Behavioral Health Program focuses on short-term stabilization, we do not accept patients who need skilled nursing care (require feeding tubes, IV’s, or catheters). Our primary goal is to assess each patient’s needs and make appropriate clinical recommendations. That is why our staff of experienced, highly-trained behavioral healthcare professionals, including psychiatrists, social workers, nurses and counselors conduct a comprehensive multi-disciplinary assessment. that determines the patient’s daily routine and therapeutic activities. The Older Adult Behavioral Health Program plan of care may include a variety of structured physical and creative group activities that help to control symptoms, orient and re-motivate the patient, encourage the highest level of independence possible, and enhance self-regard. Each day may include reminiscence and relaxation exercises, music and art therapies, as well as other leisure time activities. We schedule administration of medication, snacks, meals, and frequent hygiene breaks into each day. Our nursing staff is specially trained in providing geriatric care. They are experienced in providing assistance with Activities of Daily Living (ADL), mobility, fall prevention, nourishment/hydration, and interventions used for making patients feel more comfortable and secure. We treat every patient with respect, dignity, and compassion. Caregiver support and education are integral to all treatment plans. The Older Adult Behavioral Health Program provides a welcoming, therapeutic, spacious, and safe environment which is located in a separate part of our Adult Inpatient Services area. Bedrooms and bathrooms are newly renovated and wheelchair accessible. Visitors are welcomed here on a flexible schedule that includes both afternoon and evening hours, and special arrangements can be made when needed. Clergy may visit at any time. To help ensure access to the high quality of care and treatment provided by the Older Adult Behavioral Health Program, we accept most insurance plans, including HMO’s, PPO’s, and other managed care plans. Also, we are Medicaid, Medicare, and Champus approved."	
"2019-04-20T22:29:34Z"	
"http://www.rockfordcenter.com/older-adult-services-65/"
"Hello there, I’ve been asked to do a little typing while the office is empty. Everyone has arrived in France safe and well but very apprehensive of the Opening Ceremony tomorrow, which brings me around to the news portion of this post. You’ll notice over on Blizzard’s WWI Event frontpage that tomorrow as the Opening Events of WWI unfold for the luck attendees anyone also interested that wasn’t able to attend will be able to view what is happening live as it happens on thier site. While we can only hope that nothing will go wrong with thousands of people trying to watch all at the same time, the feature will be active as of 11:45, Central European Summer Time, (Make sure to get your times correct people!). You’ll have to excuse the unprofessional layout, I’m sure that we’ll have visitations from time to time by Elly+Rush and our editors Leord+Maticus several times throughout the weekend until their anticipated exausted return. And yes, we’ll do our best to get any annoucements out ASAP, half the community is watching for the second where the new title is declared, and the offical forums have gone into Hyperdrive. Catch you later."	
"2019-04-20T15:01:14Z"	
"https://www.diabloii.net/blog/comments/wwi-opening-ceremony-to-be-streamed-over-the-net-3"
"Staff Sergeant Millard Dewitt Adams, 22, of Science Hill, Pulaski County, Kentucky was killed in combat with his unit, B Company, 1-149th Infantry on 10 December 1944 on Leyte Island in the Philippines. The 149th was taking part in operations to defeat a Japanese offensive to retake Buri airstrip. He was reportedly killed by an enemy sniper. Adams enlisted at Somerset, Kentucky on 8 November 1939, with Company B, 149th Infantry, Kentucky National Guard. He was living at Bethelridge, Casey County, Kentucky, at the time of enlistment and listed his civilian occupation as student. Adams was inducted into federal service with his unit on 6 January 1941. Adams cousin, Delmar Adams (P2, C1, L1), was also killed in this engagement while serving with B Company on 9 December 1944. Adams is buried in the Science Hill Cemetery, Science Hill, Pulaski County, Kentucky. While no definitive information has been found it is believed that the following members of the Kentucky National Guard perished during this engagement in addition to Adams: Edward Stewart Co A, 1-149th 7 December; Willie Alley Co C, 1-149th 8 December; Fred Henson Co C, 1-149th 8 December; Delmar Adams Co B, 1-149th 9 December and Warren Stambaugh HQ Co, 2-149th 10 December."	
"2019-04-23T00:14:05Z"	
"https://guardmemorial.com/html/adams_millard_d_.html"
"I think in glacial terms. As a longtime student of history, I tend to take a very long view of "current" events, and I have a strong belief in the resilience of the human spirit. I love this country, even with all its problems, and as Winston Churchill once said, "It has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried." Perhaps that is true...the checks and balances DO seem to work for us, over time, if a bit frighteningly unbalanced at any given moment. Then this image intruded itself into my mind, and would NOT go away. An argument with an old old friend forced my hand, at least internally, and I knew I had to paint it...the pivotal moment when the second plane hit the Twin Towers, and what has happened to us as a country since. Like almost everyone, I was deeply affected by that event, for a variety of reasons. It took a long time not to react to every plane that flew over, not to dread the news for fear of what might have happened next, not to fear for my friends and loved ones who were in harm's way. We lost a great deal of innocence and our sense of safety that day, along with thousands of innocent lives. The courage we saw in those who helped the survivors, and the caring between those people themselves was awe-inspiring. It affected us, and the world--and continues to affect us, for good or ill. At first we DID pull together, as a people--here and abroad. What has happened since is increasingly painful. My painting is about that matrix. So many decisions to be made, when tackling a subject like this...what size, what palette, what format, and more importantly, how much to spell out, what to leave ambiguous? It has not been a fun painting, or a relaxing one, but one I needed to do. At first I thought I would not be able to bear to LOOK at it, and wondered how I could do a painting I'd have to hide from myself. But I find looking at it is healing, for me. And yes, this is a self portrait in many senses of the word...it is about my feelings, my experience, my feeling caught in the middle, my despair...and I used myself as a model, in the center."	
"2019-04-21T16:59:19Z"	
"https://www.ebsqart.com/Artist/Cathy-Kate-Johnson/1494/Exhibit-Entries/Stop/99094/"
"Specification to enhance your multimedia experience. With HD technology it gives a much more refined and sharper image when you enjoy your favorite movies or games. Mac is not only famous for its contribution to the entertainment world, but it is a huge helping hand in your business activities as well. From MNC to personal use, Macbook notebooks are one of the widely used computers in the market. Its matte finish and sharp edges make it a must buy. Are you not being able to update your Mac driver? Everyday use of any device can slowly affect its productivity. We understand how complicated it can be for you to deal with Mac issues without expert guidance. Our experts working in Mac Service Center has made a list of few problems that you may encounter while using your Mac device. ⦁ Frame rate drops during the gaming session. ⦁ Slow speed of your Mac device. ⦁ Battery getting drained quickly. ⦁ Your MacBook is not getting charged. ⦁ Not being able to install drivers. ⦁ Unable to alter the settings. ⦁ Hardware damage to your Macbook. ⦁ Different malware and glitches in your MacBook notebook. ⦁ No display on the screen when your MacBook gets on. Are you in a clueless after your Macbook’s water damage? Say goodbye to all your Mac issues. We understand the complexity of your business needs. Your Macbook is not only a device of entertainment but a machine to boost your work efficiency. Water damage to your MacBook can be an obstacle to your work efficiency. It is natural for you to be clueless when you face such a situation. Contact our Macbook Mac Service Center by calling our customer support number. ⦁ We help you to set-up your Mac device. Are you not being able to connect your MacBook to the power source? Is there no power in your MacBook? We understand that it can be frustrating if your Mac device is not getting turned on due to a broken adapter. It is natural to encounter tech disabilities while availing your MacBook notebook. Contact our Mac Customer Care Support Number +1-888-834-2112, and avail best in class support services."	
"2019-04-23T20:24:58Z"	
"https://www.macbookcustomerservice.com/services-support/macbook-service-center/"
"Disclosures in the federal budget about excessive superannuation fund charges imposed on low income earners and younger members should be brought to the attention of commissioner Kenneth Hayne for further investigation. Hayne should also have a look at insurance cover in super given that it is inappropriate for younger members with low balancesand multiple accounts to be paying life insurance premiums. These two profitable areas of the retirement savings system have been in need of reform for years but vested interests have fought to keep the regulators and government at bay. But on Tuesday night financial services minister Kelly O'Dwyer belled the cat on the fee gravy train earned from low income earners and also the unwarranted life insurance premium bonanza for the five companies that control 90 per cent of the $5.7 billion a year group life market. It could be argued that measures introduced through O'Dwyer's portfolio will have a greater financial impact on a larger number of Australians than Treasurer Scott Morrison's tax cuts. The first phase of Morrison's tax cuts helps 4.4 million Australians but the two main measures introduced by O'Dwyer will help at least 5 million people and have a lasting impact on their ability to boost the compound returns on their retirement savings. O'Dwyer's main measures are a 3 per cent cap imposed on administration and investment fees on low balance accounts, a ban on exit fees when leaving a super fund, the introduction of opt-in insurance for low balance accounts, inactive accounts and the accounts of new members under 25. As expected the leading companies in the group life insurance industry and their paid consultants have pushed back hard against the life insurance changes. But Chanticleer wonders if this is because O'Dwyer's crack down could have serious implications for the complex and opaque financial engineering that underpins many group life schemes. There is very little public disclosure of how group life schemes work apart from the evidence unearthed at a parliamentary joint committee inquiry into life insurance. But the majority of super fund members would have no idea about the way these schemes work. The group life schemes involve intricate profit smoothing arrangements and the questionable movement of money backwards and forwards between super funds and suppliers of group life cover. Chanticleer believes the schemes actually cannot be regarded as genuine insurance cover because the contractual arrangements between the funds and the life companies virtually guaranteed a set profit margin. It is more than slightly bizarre that if the claims experience is worse than expected a fund will pay money to the group life company to cover the cost of that worsening in claims experience. If claims experience is better than expected, the group life insurer pays money back to the fund. This leads to the creation of somewhat opaque insurance reserves, which are used to meet payments back to the group life insurer. Of course, this system may not work too well if all the younger members paying for insurance suddenly decide they no longer want to opt-in. It is true that life insurance fulfils an important role in society by pooling the financial strength of many to cover the cost of unexpected events including death or permanent disability. But it is inappropriate for younger super members to have insurance when they have no dependents, no mortgage and no contingent liabilities. Their first priority ought to be maximising the amount of money in savings which can earn compound returns for retirement. Insurance in super became automatic for super fund members after it was mandated as part of the MySuper changes introduced in 2013 by Bill Shorten when he was financial services minister. Life insurance is worthy of investigation because it involves people being "sold" a financial product that is not suited to their circumstances. The clear disconnection between life insurance in super and the insured members was summed up well by Treasurer Scott Morrison in his budget night speech. "We will stop superannuation funds from forcing young people under 25 or with low balances to pay for life insurance policies they have not asked for or do not need," he said. Paying for something you have not asked for or do not need has parallels with the fee-for-no service issues at AMP which were exposed at the Hayne inquiry. Automatic life cover has been a bonanza for life companies partly because there are so many duplicated super accounts in Australia. Treasury estimates there are 9.5 million low balance accounts in Australia but about 3.5 million of these are duplicates. On Wednesday TAL, which is the second largest provider of group life cover, said the carve-out of young people from insurance and the proposed changes to insurance for members with low balances will have a significant impact, particularly on those in higher risk occupations and those with below average salaries. CELO Brett Clark said: "TAL is concerned about the proposal to change arrangements for insurance in superannuation from opt-out to opt-in for under 25s. For blue collar and higher risk occupations it is important that Australians have the appropriate level of insurance." It was Clark who warned the Financial Services Council in April against pushing ahead with its plan to have an enforceable code of conduct in life insurance. The FSC, led by Sally Loane, backed off after being told by Clark that he was worried that if the FSC went ahead with an enforceable code it would "fracture" the super industry. O'Dwyer was extremely disappointed late last year when the industry decided on a voluntary code. It used the excuse that it had legal advice that such a code would conflict with the duties of super fund trustees. Chanticleer understands the lobby groups and bodies representing industry super funds were very much against the implementation of an enforceable code. It was very late in the 13-month long deliberations of the Insurance in Super Working Group (ISWG) that Industry Super Australia suddenly withdrew from the process. A report prepared for the ISWG by KPMG, which was paid about $450,000 for its various consulting work found that low income earners, females and younger members could boost their retirement savings if they stopped paying insurance premiums. "The key finding of this report is that income level has the largest effect on the impact of default insurance on retirement compared to age or gender," KMPG said. "For example, the impact on the retirement savings for females aged 35 to 39 earning between $18,200 and $37,000 is 14 per cent, compared to 44 per cent for females of the same age earning less than $18,200." The failure of the industry to agree on a sensible way forward caused the minister to act. It is a good example of action when it was needed. Not only are low balance accounts paying for insurance they must pay very high fees for administration and investment. Treasury analysis released on Tuesday shows the median annual administration and investment fees on MySuper accounts with balances of $1000 are nine per cent of the balance. It should not take Hayne long to conclude that these charges are over the top and fall well below community standards and expectations and are worthy of investigation. Fees of this kind would eat away at member balances until they disappeared. O'Dwyer's move to cap administration fees on low balance accounts at three per cent is smart and long overdue. Latest data shows that there were around 13 million inactive super accounts or accounts with balances below $6000, which is about half of all the accounts in the super system."	
"2019-04-23T09:57:32Z"	
"https://www.plasticsinsurance.com.au/news/may-2018/federal-budget-2018-kenneth-hayne-should-probe-super-fees-insurance"
"Canterbury School is celebrating National Arts in Education Week, Sept. 9 – 15! The US House of Representatives designated the second week in September as National Arts in Education Week in 2010, with the intent of showcasing the transformative power of the arts. They explained that the arts "equip students with a creative, competitive edge" and that "attracting and retaining the best teachers is vital and can be achieved by ensuring that schools embrace the arts, becoming havens for creativity and innovation" Students from the Early Childhood, Lower School, Middle School and High School divisions will have artwork on display at the Arts United Center, which happily welcomes community members throughout the day. Early Childhood students will experience a special classical music concert in Lily's Garden. Our very own Mr. and Mrs. Tan will perform with members from the Fort Wayne Philharmonic. High School students will rehearse "Seussical: The Musical" in preparation for their performances on Oct. 26 and 27, which are both open to the public. The Canterbury School Fine Arts Department has experience continued growth since 1977, when the school's founders recognized the arts as an essential part of a complete education. They believed in maximizing learning in and through the arts and set out to develop students with a lifelong appreciation for drama, visual art and music. Over time, the Fine Arts Department has expanded from those three original offerings to also include dance, music technology, music theory and film. Collectively, these classes provide even greater opportunities for self-expression, cross-cultural understanding, confidence, creativity and discipline. Thanks to the vision of these founders and support from current administration, our students have an extremely arts rich experience. Each week, our students study fine arts. Middle School students take dance, dramatic oratory, drama, visual art and music, and they can choose to pursue electives like speech, film, 3D art, graphic design, band, chess, choir and orchestra. High School students can choose among choir, band, orchestra, visual art, theatre, music technology, film, music theory and speech. Learn more about the Canterbury School Fine Arts Department online, and help us celebrate National Arts in Education Week!"	
"2019-04-26T05:47:25Z"	
"https://www.canterburyschool.org/news/post/~post/canterbury-school-celebrates-national-arts-in-education-week"
"SAN DIEGO – After years of stagnant demand for widebody freighter conversions, 2016 saw the market suddenly bounce back. Last year, fourteen 767 P-to-F conversions were added to the global widebody freighter fleet (eleven 767-300BDSFs and three 767-300BCFs), and a similar number will be put into service in 2017. However, according to speakers on an appraiser’s panel at last week’s ISTAT Americas conference, this phenomenon is broadly viewed as a one-time event, supporting the ramp-up of Amazon’s Prime Air network, rather than the beginning of a widebody conversion renaissance. “We are not going to see a lot of widebody conversions after Amazon,” said Douglas Kelly, SVP asset valuation at AVITAS Inc., as many of the carriers who previously would have found widebody conversions appealing, have disappeared. Since the 2008 recession, industry consolidation has significantly reduced the number of widebody freighter operators, from 95 in 2012, to just 75 in 2016. This, coupled with the proliferation of cargo-friendly widebody passenger aircraft like the 777-300ER, has reduced demand growth for freighters. Take last year for example, underlying air freight market growth was 3.8%, yet the global widebody freighter fleet expanded by less than 1%. This is not to say that freighters no longer have a place – they certainly do. But most of the larger cargo carriers that remain in the market have better access to capital, and can achieve high utilization rates on long-haul intercontinental routes. Such utilization says Kelly, enables these carriers to justify the higher acquisition costs of new-build widebody freighters. FedEx and UPS for example, both operate large fleets of freighter-converted widebodies, but, in recent orders, have opted instead for new-build freighters. Domestic routes do not see nearly the utilization, and thus freighter-converted 767s have found their sweet spot on routes where express operators can fill the cube. ATSG’s subsidiary airlines have long operated freighter-converted 767s for DHL within the United States in support of DHL’s international network. And now Amazon has placed its bet on converted 767s. As a result, nearly all of the redelivered 767 conversions in 2016 went into service for Amazon. Still, there are hundreds of widebody freighters that will need to be replaced in the future (even if not on a 1:1 ratio), and a significant number of ageing widebody passenger aircraft. When asked if freighter conversion programs would emerge for airframes like the 777 as they have in the past for the 747 and A300, panelists were bearish, at least for the near-term. Operational comparisons with 777 new-build freighters aside, Stuart Rubin, Principal at ICF doubted the economic feasibility of a 777 conversions due to high feedstock acquisition costs. Lindsey Webster, director asset valuations, Morten Beyer & Agnew, agreed that, in the short term, the number of parked widebody freighters on the secondary market meant that 777-200LR conversions were unlikely. In a few years, when an increasing number of 777-300ERs begin to reach retirement age, the market could potentially support conversion, but, in the near-term, panelists did not expect much beyond Prime Air’s 767 fleet build-up. Of course, Amazon could choose to add larger freighters once its new air hub in Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky is operational, and UPS could replace its MD-11Fs with conversions rather than new-build freighters, but it is difficult to identify any other potential operators of freighter-converted widebodies. Turning to China, the crystal ball becomes a bit murkier when attempting to forecast freighter demand. Tightly controlled airspace and restricted landing slots, paired with a pilot shortage, could force China’s burgeoning express market to favor larger widebodies. SF Express will take delivery of its fifth 767F this year, and is eager to continue growing. SF’s next steps will shed more light onto the viability of the 767F for domestic express service in China, but for now, the region could still become another hotspot for medium widebody freighters."	
"2019-04-24T16:12:53Z"	
"https://cargofacts.com/widebodies-less-likely-to-see-second-life-as-freighters/"
"Nottingham Forest left back Danny Fox has told the club’s official matchday magazine The Reds will be going all out to maintain their excellent City Ground form between now and the end of the season. The Reds have one of the best home records in the Sky Bet Championship and will be hoping to preserve that when playoff hopefuls Wigan Athletic arrive this afternoon. And Fox has stressed how important matches like this weekend’s will be in Forest’s fight for a Premier League place. “We’ve set a target to win all our remaining home games and we firmly believe that will give us a chance of promotion,” says Fox in the latest edition of the magazine (£3). “The City Ground has been a fortress this season and we need to make sure that continues until May. The latest edition also gives supporters the chance to weigh up The Reds’ opponents between now and the season with a rough guide to the run-in, while Carl Froch reveals when fans can expect news of the venue of his rematch with George Groves."	
"2019-04-22T20:46:58Z"	
"https://www.nottinghamforest.co.uk/news/2014/march/win-your-home-games/"
"-Dishwasher safe: High quality Stainless steel. Toss it in the dishwasher for full disinfection. Free cleaning brush included. -Get healthy: Drink more water and healthy smoothies. EA-Free, Lead-Free & Rust-free Straw: Drink only what’s in your drink! -Taste Only Your Drink : Plastic straws can leach off flavors and chemicals into an otherwise healthy drink. Use stainless steel straws and taste only your drink!"	
"2019-04-22T06:47:21Z"	
"https://www.giftu.com.hk/en/houseware/stainless-steel-drinking-straws-4-pieces-set-MHP-HP-1053.html"
"New and used cars in Malaysia. Classifieds for a wide selection of Second Hand Cheap vehicles. Cars dealers advertise cars for free. Online Great Deal Used Cars Down Payments Starting At 1000 ! Getting A Car Loan With Bad Credit Find Great Used Cars Deals at CC Autoplex in Corpus Christi, Texas. CC Autoplex is the right used car dealership for you. NEW INVENTORY!!! DOWN PAYMENTS STARTING AT $1000!Get approved now at apply.ccautoplex.com. Give us a call for more info at 361-334-7400."	
"2019-04-20T11:06:06Z"	
"https://freead1.net/sub/sale-buy:3/cars:82/Malaysia:23"
"Nous avons trouvé 138 anagrammes avec les lettres C R A M B E S. Vous pouvez déplacer votre curseur au-dessus d'un mot et cliquez-le pour le consulter les autres mots possible en utilisant ces lettres. Here are the results of unscrambling C R A M B E S. We unscrambled the letters in crambes to create a list of all the french words found in Scrabble and Text Twist using the letters C R A M B E S. We found a total of 138 french words by unscrambling the letters in crambes. Click these words to find out how many points they are worth, their definitions, and all the other words that can be made by unscrambling the letters from these words."	
"2019-04-20T17:20:25Z"	
"http://www.allscrabblewords.com/unscramble-french-words/with-the-letters/crambes"
"People with bad credit think that they do not qualify for good credit offers. It may be possible that they may have tried to get credit from a few lenders but when they failed to get them. Secured cards are quite suited for people with bad credit. For secured card, one has to submit a security deposit, which guarantees you a line of credit for that amount. For instance, if you require a $700 line of credit, you have to deposit $7000 with the issuer, which immunizes your account. Since there is no much risk here for the card issues, there is more chance of the approving applications for people with bad credit or no credit. You can use this secured card to make transactions, build credit like every other cardholder. This is in fact, a good opportunity for people to use the secured card wisely, restore and build credit. When you close the account, the security deposit is refunded sometimes with interest. 1. Capital One Secure MasterCard – The card has a low annual fee of $29 and can help people with bad credit come up in a big manner. Though most secured cards offer spending limit equivalent to the amount you deposit, this card is a hybrid between a regular credit card and secured card. This is preferred as one of the best choices for people to get back into the traditional system of credit. You have to put $49 and can get a credit line of $200. By depositing money like $200, you can actually increase the credit line to $3000. Capital One also ensures that one you have been able to improve your credit score, you will get preference to avail of one of its unsecured credit cards. 2.Wells Fargo Secured Visa – You can apply for this card only if you have been out of bankruptcy for one year and there are no liens unsettled against you. Your security deposit between $300 and $10,000 can set the credit limit. There is a $35 annual fee. 3.Orchard Bank Classic Card – HSBC’s subsidiary Orchard Bank says that all applicants who give a security deposit will be approved irrespective of credit score being dismal or if you have declared bankruptcy. There is a $200 minimum security deposit, with no annual fee for the first year and then $35 annual fee from the second year. 4.U.S. Bank Secured VISA – This bank diverts your security deposit into an interest-savings account with a $35 annual fee. Getting small installment loans like an auto loan or a small personal loan (best from a credit union, or bank) to the tune of $1000 which you can pay back on time, can help rebuild your credit. Though you will have to cough up a higher interest rate, the fact that you have an active installment account on your credit report can boost your score. Also don’t close your credit account because they may hurt your score. Most importantly, pay your bill on time, all the time because skipped payments can only ruin all the good work you have done."	
"2019-04-26T06:48:13Z"	
"https://balancetransferpromotions.net/2012/10/"
"The sprouts bump up the protein content of this dish, making it perfect for dinner too! I’ve decided to add a travel section to my blog! I’ve realised If I didn’t need to worry about paying bills, I would be the hippie I was born to be 🙂 A healthy hippie, that serves healthy low cal food in a bed and breakfast that’s tucked somewhere deep in the forests where the aromas of pine sap run through the air! You get the picture, right ;)?"	
"2019-04-22T10:10:54Z"	
"http://notwithoutmyskillet.in/2016/09/"
"Have the courage to speak softly, to be yourself a silent learner. Diversity matters. The next EDEN NAP webinar will be held on 15 March 2017, starting at 15:00 CET."	
"2019-04-21T10:08:08Z"	
"http://www.eden-online.org/tag/silent-learners/"
"We offer a cozy 1-storey house in Babite. The house is located in a green beautiful place, which is located at an equal distance from Riga and Jurmala, about 15-20 minutes by car. Not far from the airport Riga. House area 167.6 m2, land area 1310 m2. The house is fully furnished. The house has 5 rooms, the living room is combined with the kitchen area. The house has individual gas heating, central water supply and sewerage. The territory around the house is fenced and landscaped. The house has a garage."	
"2019-04-21T12:36:28Z"	
"http://www.stayinriga.com/en/objects/H0151/"
"Some of the tears he whittles into fine points. Those are good for gouging out his eyes. Others he distills. At night, blind and drunk, he pretends he can’t feel a thing. That's one of those exceptional fusions of idea and image that take your breath away. I will go on from here pretending that I thought it up! "At night, blind and drunk," indeed. Fabulous! Wow! This one is a painfully powerful twist. “Some of the tears he whittles into fine points.” Amazing imagery. Powerful imagery, Mr. Lucky. Inspiring. Wowzers! That was so powerful! Thank you for sharing your work with us! What draws me in most in this very powerful piece is the way the masculine is juxtaposed with the feminine. We first see emotion categorized by material production, violent physical action, war on oneself, an attempt to deny emotion–all things which tend to be associated with the masculine or animus. Then in the haiku, the feminine or anima begins to emerge, first in the form of a new moon, then the womblike void, then the all-powerful symbol of the cauldron itself. These seem to be separate at first glance. But then images begin to connect with one another–the chiseled slivers of tears with the sliver of moon, the blindness with the black, the distillation with the cauldron–until one feels a wholeness beginning to emerge from the brokenness. I love the way the title, which harkens to these soul processes we all must go through, both ties prose and haiku together and expands the piece beyond the sum of those parts. I agree with Wow! And the description of grief as a cauldron . . ."	
"2019-04-26T14:07:53Z"	
"https://tinywords.com/2018/12/07/28616/comment-page-1/"
"Other people usually are bound to leave their work just to attend to their family schedules and chores. Some of them also want to start another chapter of their lives. Whether you want to study at home and open your world to more opportunities, home study will be an effective tool to consider. This will also lead you to earning newer salaries in the end. This question is already self-explanatory. You just have to fit it in your life and get the convenience and ease at it. Home study is also entirely about flexible learning and lets you work at any of your chores at home. You can also get access to trained tutors, expert knowledge, materials and support, live training and books. However, there will be no lectures or classes to attend. Why Study at Your Home? Other people do not have the extra time to enroll in a traditional college or school. This is simply because of the fact that they already have a family or a full-time job. By choosing this home study method, people will after benefiting from it. There are a lot of courses presented ranging in different scopes and subjects. There are also certain degrees in beauty therapy, dentistry and IT. There are also courses related to website development and flash animation that complement well to the interests and passions of people. Will You Be Able to Obtain a Qualification? When you study because you want your qualification to be recognized, this will surely appeal to all employers. And by the time that you have obtained your qualification, it can be a good and rewarding experience, too. Will I Have the Opportunity to Earn a Lot of Money? If you aim to enhance your earning skills and potentials, an IT-based course will help you further in regard with this matter. With an IT course that highly emphasizes technology skills; you can simply be on your way to earning more money along the way. What Home Study Course to Choose? You can also succeed from a home study course as long as you choose something that you most enjoy. It is strongly believed that an IT-based source is still a popular choice for those people interested in home study. This gives them the fullest earning potentials along the way. Better to consult a tutor and take a closer look at some of those job websites out there. They will simply serve as your inspiration. You need to face the reality that home study can somehow be lonely. You will not have to enter a formal or traditional classroom. And thus, there will be no one to talk to and no one to instruct you about the things you should do. But, you have to stick and commit to goal visualization. This is an essential key to the success of home study. Just imagine presenting yourself to a new employer with your new learned skill. You can be on your way to the road of success and achievements!"	
"2019-04-24T02:05:09Z"	
"http://rotaryclubbocawest.com/home-study/"
"2018-12-26Our company is less than 1/10,000 business as compared with Nissan, but there are similar points in that things are decided without knowing even executives (laugh). Well, in case of us, even though it is a management meeting, since the real matter is a reporting, it is not a place of examination or approval, so in fact there is no authority. 2018-12-25「サーベイ」とすら言えない大づかみの概観なので、具体的に何か刺激的な提言が出ているわけではない。僕としては、複雑な神経伝達の副作用的な現象が「（自）意識」であるという（意識なんて、想像してるほどいいモンじゃないよとデネットが書いたのは至言だった）、ただいま大流行中の議論はもう食傷気味なので、まさしく "the next" を期待したいところだ。https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/2398212818816019 Further progress will depend on specifying closer explanatory mappings between (first-person subjective) phenomenological descriptions and (third-person objective) descriptions of (embodied and embedded) neuronal mechanisms. 2018-12-25Do it now and put it in the best place later (if you are talented.) That's a "task management like TETRIS" making head of a vast and different requests. 2018-12-14論文のテーマも興味深いが、それに加えて arXiv.org が "bibex" という引用・参照のネットワーク関係を表示するようになっている。https://arxiv.org/abs/1806.07366 We introduce a new family of deep neural network models. Instead of specifying a discrete sequence of hidden layers, we parameterize the derivative of the hidden state using a neural network. The output of the network is computed using a black-box differential equation solver. These continuous-depth models have constant memory cost, adapt their evaluation strategy to each input, and can explicitly trade numerical precision for speed. We demonstrate these properties in continuous-depth residual networks and continuous-time latent variable models. We also construct continuous normalizing flows, a generative model that can train by maximum likelihood, without partitioning or ordering the data dimensions. For training, we show how to scalably backpropagate through any ODE solver, without access to its internal operations. This allows end-to-end training of ODEs within larger models. 2018-12-06While Adobe products are using Node.js and I give up my resistance, but they are often forcibly implementing software that seems to bash out customers' internal information can be discharged to an external network environment. Those who developed such a scar that could be said to be natural-born vulnerability, and those who thought of original ideas Comet and Reverse Ajax, should be hacked by Anonymous, and I think that it would be nice if a photograph of an officer's handgun pushed into their holes will be released to the world. 2018-12-03People tend to encourage for studying philosophy and they will support a campaign for an activity of "philosophy for everyone" or something else like this. But I have never heard of the reasonable argument for what is philosophy and what is it for, as a basis to do such things in the public occasion, events, lectures, classes, radio shows, and web pages. You will know well as a professional philosopher that any systematic and voluntary activity has a purpose, and they should have a purpose to spread philosophical activity for people from a reason or aim (not necessarily it would be only one.) Such a reason, if any, should be available for us not as a popular (and junk) book but as a document in an open access."	
"2019-04-20T06:18:16Z"	
"https://www.markupdancing.net/archive/message.html?archive=201812"
"Some time in eighth grade, my sister and I decided we would get matching heart tattoos on the left corner of our left wrists. I’m not sure when we decided this; there was never a definitive moment. However, I suspect it developed when we, and the rest our friends, were really into doodling all over our hands and arms. I always drew three stars on my left wrist — a classic middle-school move — but I knew the permanent ink must be a heart. My sister and I are twins born on Valentine’s Day. It had to be honored. Come mid-May our senior year of high school, we hopped into my mom’s minivan with our best friend and headed to a tattoo parlor on a Tuesday night. Clad in my American Red Cross sweatshirt and black yoga sweats, I walked into the tattoo and piercing place where my sister had gotten her belly button pierced just three years earlier. But we had to leave. My sister and I didn’t have driver’s licenses at the time, and forgot to bring our birth certificates. It didn’t help that I had a young face either (and wet hair). Despite their condescension, the fact that they required ID was a good sign in retrospect. They were only following the rules. We drove home and picked up our birth certificates. Then we headed to the other side of town to the tattoo parlor where my mom got her tattoo over a decade ago (Also a heart! But different.). Because the tattoos were small and simple, the process was quick. I let my sister go first, as she is the older twin. She made some faces indicative of a little pain, but it really didn’t hurt her at all. And the same went for me. When the needle buzzed away at my skin, the area would go numb until the tattoo artist lifted it up again. After cleanup, payment and care instructions, we walked out of the tattoo parlor, happy with our first ink. The most basic principle of a tattoo is that it is permanent. So yes, get something meaningful or a piece of artwork that is beautiful to you. More importantly, make sure to take care of it. There is always a risk when you tamper with your body. 1) 9 Essential Tips for Tattoo Aftercare. Inked. Retrieved November 10, 2016. 2) How to Care for a Tattoo. Ink Done Right. Retrieved November 10, 2016. 3) Behind the Ink: Common tattoo beliefs debunked. Retrieved November 10, 2016. 4) Is Tattoo scabbing Normal? What NOT to Do When Your Tattoo Scabs. Authority Tattoo. Retrieved November 10, 2016. 5) The Very Best Tattoo Sunscreen Products. Ink Done Right. Retrieved November 10, 2016. 6) Tattoo Infection. MDDK. Retrieved November 11, 2016. Another option for tattoo aftercare is pure emu oil. https://emujoy.com/pages/tattoo-aftercare-with-emu-oil Many tattoo artists swear by it, and it absorbs into the skin better than ointments. I have always wanted a tattoo. I might finally get one now that I have this detailed guide. Very informative article!"	
"2019-04-18T14:36:35Z"	
"https://www.empowher.com/skin-rash/content/how-care-your-new-tattoo"
"After a season of icicle-lined roofs and wind-tunnel streets you'll be falling in love with the city again in time for the Holly Fulton Spring 2011 line. Bright colors and stained-glass patterns will have you wearing the metropolis mettle. The designer is known for her structured styles and French inspired fashions, and this collection is no exception. Like the aesthetic of the late 19th century Art Nouveau architectural movement, the Holly Fulton Spring 2011 line incorporates organic patterns and colors into a structural setting."	
"2019-04-23T04:24:35Z"	
"https://www.trendhunter.com/trends/holly-fulton-spring-2011"
"RE: find-tag pop up buffer list all available choices? Subject: RE: find-tag pop up buffer list all available choices? > existing function to pop up a buffer, list all available choices? Prev by Date: Re: find-tag pop up buffer list all available choices? Previous by thread: Re: find-tag pop up buffer list all available choices? Next by thread: Re: wait/sleep in a keyboard macro?"	
"2019-04-18T13:44:33Z"	
"http://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/help-gnu-emacs/2010-09/msg00079.html"
"New Delhi, Sep 23 (IANS) The Congress on Saturday demanded that the Narendra Modi government explain how absconding don Dawood Ibrahim’s wife managed to visit Mumbai last year undetected and said that it raises questions on the credibility of the Centre and Maharashtra government as well as the state and central security agencies. Congress Rajya Sabha leader Rajiv Shukla termed the matter as very serious and said that it raises question on the credibility of the central and state government as well as the central investigative agencies. “Dawood’s wife Mehajabin Shaikh came to India in 2016 for 15 days. What was Mumbai Police doing? What were the central and Maharashtra government doing? What were the other agencies doing?” he asked. “It is a very serious issue. It is like ‘diya tale andhera’ (darkness under a lamp — or something taking place right under your nose). The state government, Mumbai Police and all the central agencies should answer how it happened, as it raises questions on their credibility,” he added."	
"2019-04-18T20:56:09Z"	
"http://www.newspatrolling.com/how-did-dawoods-wife-visit-mumbai-undetected-modi-government-should-answer-congress-lead/"
"New York Observer editor-in-chief Elizabeth Spiers has hired The Daily reporter Hunter Walker, she announced today. A Brooklyn native, Mr. Walker is currently stationed in Los Angeles, with Richard Johnson’s “Flash” gossip column. He will relocate to New York in October. Mr. Walker has written for Gawker, the Village Voice, New York, Forbes.com and Mediabistro, among others. He graduated from the Columbia School of Journalism in 2010."	
"2019-04-19T08:25:30Z"	
"https://observer.com/2011/09/the-observer-hires-hunter-walker/"
"WASHINGTON, D.C. – The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) has approved a new federal standard intended to improve the safety of all high chairs, including those intended for both home and restaurant use. The new federal safety standard incorporates the most recent voluntary standard developed by ASTM International (ASTM F404-18, Standard Consumer Safety Specification for High Chairs), with no modifications. The voluntary standard includes requirements for rearward stability and warning labels and requires that high chairs have a passive crotch restraint and a three-point restraint system. Between January 2011 and September 2017, CPSC received a total of 1,842 incident reports related to high chairs, including 271 injuries. From 2015 through 2016, there were an estimated 18,500 high chair-related injuries treated in U.S. hospital emergency departments, according to CPSC’s National Electronic Injury Surveillance System (NEISS). Most of the incidents were due to falls when a child attempted to climb into or out of the high chair; when the chair tipped over as a child pushed back or rocked back and forth while seated in the high chair; or when a component (such as the restraint, tray, or lock) of the high chair failed. The effective date for the new mandatory high chair standard is 12 months after the final rule is published in the Federal Register and applies to products manufactured or imported on or after that date. The Commission is required by the Danny Keysar Child Product Safety Notification Act, Section 104(b) of the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (CPSIA), to issue consumer product safety standards for durable infant or toddler products. The Commission has approved new federal safety standards for several durable infant or toddler products, including full-size cribs, non-full-size cribs, play yards, baby walkers, baby bath seats, children’s portable bed rails, strollers, toddler beds, infant swings, handheld infant carriers, soft infant carriers, framed infant carriers, bassinets, cradles, portable hook-on chairs, infant sling carriers and infant bouncer seats. The Commission voted unanimously (4-0) to approve the standard on June 8, 2018."	
"2019-04-24T17:22:59Z"	
"https://cpsc.gov/Newsroom/News-Releases/2018/CPSC-Approves-New-Federal-Safety-Standard-for-High-Chairs"
"A selection of Easter themed double Chocolate miniature cupcakes. With mini and micro eggs with smiley faces. A delicious selection of Red Velvet and Cream Cheese Easter themed Cupcakes with Mini and Micro eggs. A selection of Red Velvet with Cream Cheese and Chocolate Cream Cheese frosting. Including a personalised message. Vanilla and Chocolate festive cupcakes with gingerbread cookie toppings. A festive selection of Vanilla, Chocolate and Red Velvet cupcakes for the holiday season 2012. A selection of halloween themed Vanilla, Chocoalte and Red Velvet Cupcakes with spooky biscuit and sugar decoration toppings. An Assortment of Children's themed cupcakes in a variety of flavours, colours and styles. A Selection of Vanilla sponge with cream cheese frosting topped with popcorn styled marshmallow toppings. A selection of Banana, Chocolate and Red Velvet cupcakes with Union Jack styled frosting and cupcake cases. A selection of St Valentine's day mini cupcakes in Vanilla, Chocolate and Red Velvet with an array of St Valentine's frosting and decoration. A Selection of Vanilla, Chocolate and Red Velvet cupcakes with St Valentine themed frosting and decoration. A Selection of Vanilla and Chocolate cupcakes with vanilla and cream cheese frosting and fun mickey mouse toppings. A Selection of festive Vanilla, Chocolate and Red Velvet mini cupcakes with an array of Paddy's day frosting and decoration. A Selection of Vanilla, Chocolate and Red Velvet cupcakes with an array of Paddy's Day themed frosting and decoration. Individually wrapped themed cupcakes for a festive Love Cakery giveaway during the holidays 2011. A Selection of Chocolate Cupcakes with delicious cream cheese or chocolate frosting and festive Christmas toppings including handmade ginger men and bears. A Selection of Vanilla and Chocolate flavour sponge with cookies&creme frosting and Moustache edible toppers on standard and mini cupcakes. A Selection of Vanilla and Chocolate mini cupcakes with an array of Halloween themed frosting and decoration. A Selection of Vanilla and Chocolate cupcakes with an array of Halloween themed frosting styles and decoration."	
"2019-04-22T14:56:31Z"	
"http://www.lovecakery.com/themed-cupcakes/"
"When you have a new multi use games area installed in surrounding areas, it is vital that you consider appropriate MUGA maintenance in Anderton CW9 6 to keep it in top condition for as long as possible. Each surface type can have different processes carried out which will help maintain the performance qualities and keep the sports area safe for use. Our sport surfacing company specialise in a range of cleaning, repair and general cleaning technniques https://www.muga.org.uk/cheshire/anderton/ Please contact our team today to find out more about what we can do and the costs for each cleaning method we offer. There are two main types of sport servicing services which we provide for sports surfacing facilities in the UK – Proactive and reactive servicing. Reactive repair maintenance in Anderton CW9 6 takes place to repair damage which has already been done to the surface, this could have occurred as a result of overuse, vandalism or lack of an appropriate proactive care programme. Examples of reactive servicing can include seam and joint repairs, repainting and reline marking, as well as top up and rejuvenation of infill. Rejuvenating sand and rubber infill for synthetic grass MUGAs involves extracting the contaminated infill layer and replacing it with a new clean layer which will improve the performance qualities and make the surface more durable. This is why we always recommend that you implement a regular plan once the pitch constrcution is complete https://www.muga.org.uk/construction/cheshire/anderton/ By doing this you will keep the facility near me clean and also help to prevent any damage which occurs as a result of debris and dirt on the floor. It is always much more cost effective to carry out routine checks and servicing than having to repair damage and problems after they have happened. All of the sport floor options we install are designed to be used in all weather conditions, it's vital that a regular plan is put into place to ensure that your closest sports facility maintains its all weather properties and is suitable for use all year round. MUGA maintenance costs will depend on a variety of different factors. The first aspect which will affect the servicing costs in Anderton CW9 6 and surrounding areas, is the area size of the facility. Obviously if the area is larger, the cost to clean the court or pitch will be more. In order to keep the costs of maintaining the multi use games area down, we would recommend carrying out regular inspections of the facility. When you require any professional advice with regards to servicing of multi use sports surfaces, we would be happy to help. By filling in the enquiry box on this page you can send us over a description of your enquiry and one of our experts in Anderton CW9 6 will get back to you with further details on how we can help."	
"2019-04-19T19:20:27Z"	
"https://www.muga.org.uk/maintenance/cheshire/anderton/"
"Two entrepreneurs (Vlado Defranceski-Jevremovic and Manuel Maquedaand) I met at the Strictly Sail Pacific boat show recently are getting a new social networking site for sailors (with geo-tagging) off the ground. The development group is located in Spain, Vlado (left) and Manuel (right) in San Francisco. Visit BlooSee if you want to try it out...their challenge will be to get the word out and create an active user base."	
"2019-04-26T03:37:51Z"	
"http://www.oysteryachting.com/blog/social-networking-startup-for-sailors"
"Be prepared against Avian/Bird Flu, Swine Flu, Ebola, and any other contagious disease that has the potential for widespread infection with a variety of preventive measures. When combined with the 3M™ Filters 2000 Series or 3M™ Cartridges 6000 Series, this respirator is one of the lightest reusable respirators available. This high quality and economical facemask features a patented filter media with lightweight construction and adjustable noseclip for custom fit. NIOSH approved for environments containing certain oil and non-oil based particles. When properly fitted, use in a variety of applications including welding, brazing, torch cutting, metal pouring, soldering, and exposure to lead, asbestos, cadmium, arsenic, and MDA for concentrations up to 10 times the Permissible Exposure Limit (PEL) with half facepieces or 50 times PEL with full facepieces. Full facepieces must be quantitatively fit tested to claim assigned protection factor above 10 in negative pressure mode. Do not use in environments that are immediately dangerous to life or health (IDLH). 3M™ P95 filters for use with 3M™ facemask respirators. When properly fitted, use in a variety of applications such as grinding, sanding and welding for concentrations up to 10 times the Permissible Exposure Limit (PEL) with half facepieces or 50 times PEL with full facepieces. Full facepieces must be quantitatively fit tested to claim assigned protection factor above 10 in negative pressure mode. Do not use in environments that are immediately dangerous to life or health (IDLH). Easily wall-mountable bracket to allow hands-free use of Alcare Plus® Antiseptic 9 oz. Handrub. These ambidextrous powder-free textured black nitrile gloves offer economical puncture resistance with great comfort, dexterity and tactile sensitivity. Made from component materials which comply with FDA regulations for food contact. Currently only available in Extra-Large. Clinically proven to kill 99.9% of germs in as little as 15 seconds, this handy instant hand sanitizer is perfect for situations where soap and water are not available. The Bodily Fluid Cleanup Kit has the necessary items to protect the areas of the body most likely to be exposed to infectious materials during the clean-up of bodily fluids. CaviWipes™ disinfecting towelettes are non-woven disposable wipes pre-saturated with CaviCide®. CaviWipes™ are intended for use in health care settings such as hospitals, dental offices, laboratories, clinics, ophthalmic offices, veterinary facilities and in kitchens* and bathrooms. This comprehensive disaster preparedness, prevention and first aid guide covers every topic from bioterrorism to volcanoes to CPR to heat exhaustion. Only 1 dispenser left in stock! Kills 99.9% of most common germs that may cause illness. Works in as little as 15 seconds without the need for water or towels. Proven to reduce absenteeism in schools by 50% and by 21% in office settings. This wall-mountable dispenser comes full, with 2 liters (67.6 fl oz.) of Purell® Hand Sanitizer gel. Constructed with a sturdy Dura-Mesh® shell and Softspun® lining. Long-lasting and comfortable to wear for dust and non-oil mist applications. Soft foam nose cushion eliminates pressure points for added comfort. Constructed with a sturdy Dura-Mesh® shell and Softspun® lining. Includes an exhalation valve to make breathing cooler and easier. Long-lasting and comfortable to wear for dust and non-oil mist applications. This N95 Disposable Particulate Respirator provides basic respiratory protection from particulates free of oil. This N95 Particulate Respirator Mask with Valve features an easy-breathing exhalation valve which increases airflow through the respirator and increases comfort. These industrial/food service grade powder-free black 3 mil nitrile gloves are lightweight, yet offer three times the puncture resistance of latex rubber gloves and superior resistance to many types of chemicals. Features high dexterity, rolled cuffs and a textured for a better grip. 100% nitrile, offering an excellent alternative for individuals who experience allergic reactions to latex. Available in four different sizes. These heavyweight industrial/food service grade powder-free black 6 mil nitrile gloves offer three times the puncture resistance of latex rubber gloves and superior resistance to many types of chemicals. Features high dexterity, rolled cuffs and a textured for a better grip. 100% nitrile, offering an excellent alternative for individuals who experience allergic reactions to latex. Overall glove length of 12". Only 8 respirators left in stock! The 7700 Series is one of the most comfortable and durable half mask available. Its soft nonallergenic silicone seal provides excellent protection, comfort and fit. The half mask cradle suspension system allows the facepiece to seal evenly on the face without creating pressure points. Its low profile gives workers a wide field of vision and does not interfere with protective eyewear. The low inhalation and exhalation resistance of the 7700 Series makes breathing easier to reduce worker fatigue. Opti-Cide-3’s® non-caustic formula is used to thoroughly clean and disinfect environmental and all equipment surfaces. Only 4 dispensers left in stock! High-quality latex gloves tested for leaks with a myriad of possible applications from medical emergencies to household cleaning. Micro-textured rough surface doesn't interfere with sensitivity yet allows extra grip control. Available in four sizes. Kills 99.9% of most common germs that may cause illness. Works in as little as 15 seconds without the need for water or towels. Proven to reduce absenteeism in schools by 50% and by 21% in office settings. Now more sanitary than ever, with this totally touch-free user interface holding approximately 1200 ml. Kills 99.9% of most common germs that may cause illness. Works in as little as 15 seconds without the need for water or towels. Proven to reduce absenteeism in schools by 50% and by 21% in office settings. Fill your Purell® 800 ml Bag-In-Box Dispenser to kill 99.9% of most common germs that may cause illness. Works in as little as 15 seconds without the need for water or towels. Proven to reduce absenteeism in schools by 50% and by 21% in office settings. Only 6 dispensers left in stock! Kills 99.9% of most common germs that may cause illness. Works in as little as 15 seconds without the need for water or towels. Alcohol-based. Proven to reduce absenteeism in schools by 50% and by 21% in office settings. Available in five different quantities. Kills 99.9% of most common germs that may cause illness. Works in as little as 15 seconds without the need for water or towels. Proven to reduce absenteeism in schools by 50% and by 21% in office settings. Holds approximately 1000 ml. Kills 99.9% of most common germs that may cause illness. Works in as little as 15 seconds without the need for water or towels. Proven to reduce absenteeism in schools by 50% and by 21% in office settings. Now more sanitary than ever, with this totally touch-free user interface holding approximately 1200 ml. Kills 99.9% of most common germs that may cause illness. Works in as little as 15 seconds without the need for water or towels. Alcohol-based with aloe and specially formulated with moisturizers that leave hands feeling soft and refreshed without stickiness or residue. Proven to reduce absenteeism in schools by 50% and by 21% in office settings. Available in two different quantities. Specially designed to kill germs found on commonly used items such as telephones, doorknobs, calculators and keyboards. These super germicidal individually-wrapped disposable wipes are a great way to protect hard surfaces against tuberculosis, HIV and other harmful bacteria and viruses left behind. These blue disposable masks are designed to be used in general patient care situations or in care continuum/alternate site arenas. Latex-free face masks are made of natural rubber. Type I mask provides high filtration at 98% at 1.0 Micron particles. Breathable, tissue-light non-woven fabric and soft woven earlop bands assure long-wearing comfort. Disposable, white, lightweight, low-linting, anti-static Dupont® Tyvek® high-density polyethylene material with serged seams. Features zipper front, Tyvek® collar, no hood, no pockets, no take up snaps in wrists or ankles. Offers dry particle and aerosol protection with an inherent barrier - not a laminate that can be easily scratched or compromised. Meets ANSI/ISEA 101-1996 size standards. Disposable, white, lightweight, low-linting, anti-static Dupont® Tyvek® high-density polyethylene material with serged seams. Features zipper front, Tyvek® collar, elastic wrists and ankles, no hood, and no pockets. Offers dry particle and aerosol protection with an inherent barrier - not a laminate that can be easily scratched or compromised. Meets ANSI/ISEA 101-1996 size standards. Available in five sizes. Disposable, white, lightweight, low-linting, anti-static Dupont® Tyvek® high-density polyethylene material with serged seams. Features zipper front, Tyvek® collar, elastic wrists and ankles, attached hood, skid-resistant boots, and no pockets. Offers dry particle and aerosol protection with an inherent barrier - not a laminate that can be easily scratched or compromised. Meets ANSI/ISEA 101-1996 size standards. Disposable, white, lightweight, low-linting, anti-static Dupont® Tyvek® high-density polyethylene material with serged seams. Features zipper front, Tyvek® collar, elastic wrists and ankles, attached hood, and no pockets. Offers dry particle and aerosol protection with an inherent barrier - not a laminate that can be easily scratched or compromised. Meets ANSI/ISEA 101-1996 size standards. Available in five sizes. Disposable, white, lightweight, low-linting, anti-static Dupont® Tyvek® high-density polyethylene material with serged seams. Features white snap front and collar. No hood, no boots, and no take up snaps or elastic in wrists. Offers dry particle and aerosol protection with an inherent barrier - not a laminate that can be easily scratched or compromised. Meets ANSI/ISEA 101-1996 size standards. Strong, durable vinyl resists tears, punctures and offers protection from bloodborne pathogens without the itching and irritation some people experience when using latex."	
"2019-04-22T05:07:08Z"	
"https://www.thecuresafety.com/Pandemic_Protection_s/558.htm"
"Between 1997 and 2002, as the number of farms declined in Massachusetts, so did the total land in agriculture. The total amount of land in farms decreased from 577,637 acres in 1997 to 518,570 acres in 2002. The average farm size in Massachusetts declined steadily from over 130 acres per farm in 1974 to 79 acres in 1997 (Figure 3.2). With the exit of many smaller farms between 1997 and 2002, the average farm size increased to 85 acres in 2002. The total amount of land in farms further decreased to 517,879 acres in 2007, a very small 0.13 percent decline when compared to 2002. However, the 2012 Census shows a modest increase in the total amount of land in farms, with a 1.1 percent increase to 523,517 acres. The increase in the number of farms and the increase in farm size seem to have occurred proportionally to one another; the average size of farm also remained at around 67 acres between 2007 and 2012. In terms of farm numbers, the 2012 top three types of farming in Massachusetts are: horses and other equine production; hay farming; and greenhouse, nursery, and floriculture. However, which types of farming hold the greatest amounts of farmland? Open farmland is an important feature of the Massachusetts landscape. Hay farming is not only the second most common type of farming, but it holds the greatest amount of farmland with 116,980 acres, about 22 percent of the Commonwealth's farmland. Hay farms tend to be large by Massachusetts standards, with an average of about 107 acres per farm compared to the average Massachusetts farm, which is 67 acres in size. Fruit, tree nut and berry farms check in at number two, accounting for just over 80,568 acres of Massachusetts' farmland, 15.4 percent of the Commonwealth's total. Fruit and tree nut farms also tend to be relatively large by Massachusetts standards, there are about 103 acres per farm on average. When combined, these two types of farming represent about 38 percent of the state's farmland. Dairy farming in Massachusetts accounts for more than 50,000 acres of farmland, about 9.6 percent of the total. Dairy farms are the Commonwealth's largest farms on average; each dairy farm is nearly 342 acres in size. Hay farming and dairy farming are related as hay farms provide forage for dairy farms as well as the horse farms in the state. Thus, the tenuous state of dairy farming in the Commonwealth has implications for the importance of farmland and open space preservation in Massachusetts. A number of farm types (sheep and goats; greenhouse, nursery and floriculture; beef cattle; horse and equine; other crop farming; and vegetable and melon farming) each represent between 25,000 and 43,000 acres of farmland. Each of these represents between 4.6 and 8.1 percent of the Commonwealth's total farmland. Horse and equine production, despite being one of the most numerous farm types, represents about 7.8 percent of the Commonwealth's total farmland with around 41,000 acres of Massachusetts farmland."	
"2019-04-19T20:42:13Z"	
"http://ag.umass.edu/resources/massachusetts-agricultural-data/acres-land-in-farms"
"Dr-ink.ca is proud to offer low prices on high quality Toner cartridges for HP Color LaserJet CP2025n Printers. We specialize in providing Toner cartridges for any HP Printer Brand. Our Toner cartridges are precisely engineered with brand new parts to ensure the same print quality as OEM cartridges. Our high print quality and low prices are backed up with a 2 years money back guarantee and over 99% customer satisfaction rate! This compatible product is produced under ISO-9001 quality control system and ISO14001 environment management system."	
"2019-04-18T10:22:36Z"	
"https://dr-ink.ca/toner-cartridges/hp-laser/hp-color-laserjet-series/hp-color-laserjet-cp2025n-cb494a.html"
"The United States is designating as a foreign terrorist organization the military force charged with zealously guarding and advancing the principles of the 1979 Islamic Revolution. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said Monday that the designation against the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps — part of what he said is a “maximum pressure campaign” against Tehran — would go into effect in one week. The IRGC includes the domestic-centered Basij militia, which has violently suppressed peaceful protests against the regime, and the Quds Force, which concentrates on operations abroad. “This is the first time that the United States has designated a part of another government as an FTO. We’re doing it because the Iranian regime’s use of terrorism as a tool of statecraft makes it fundamentally different from any other government. This historic step will deprive the world’s leading state sponsor of terror the financial means to spread misery and death around the world,” Pompeo said at the State Department. “The blood of the 603 American soldiers the Iranian regime has found to have killed in Iraq is on his hands and on the hands of the IRGC more broadly,” he said. “A(nother) misguided election-eve gift to Netanyahu. A(nother) dangerous U.S. misadventure in the region,” Zarif added on Monday. Pompeo dismissed Zarif’s reaction. “We have made clear both publicly and privately that an attack on the United States of America is something that they ought to think more than twice about,” he told reporters."	
"2019-04-26T01:45:05Z"	
"https://www.hstoday.us/subject-matter-areas/counterterrorism/none-of-us-should-be-fooled-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-designated-a-terrorist-organization/"
"No! This jacket isn't or better isn't ONLY designed for work. This jacket is cutted as comfortable to be perfect for changing tyres, for pitching a tent or just for looking great while hitchhikin' to the next motel with your chick. It looks cool and of course even presentable - just the perfect jacket for all opportunities. The respective sizes of this jacket turn out to be normal. You can find exact measurements at the size guide. Be prepared for a new kind of rockin' jacket!"	
"2019-04-23T08:01:37Z"	
"https://rockabillyshop.nl/Workerjacket-Sun-Records"
"高效能,相較於8051,LPC1100 系列的 Core : Arm Cortex-M0 標榜著 Dhrystone 0.9 DMIPS/MHz (印象中數據,最快的8051 宣稱能達到 0.1 DMIPS),加上32 bit 運算,最高CPU Clock 可達到50MHz. 在MCU的Core可算是高效能的MCU之一. 低功耗, Arm Cortex-M0 標榜著 85 µW/MHz ,因為 Cortex-M0 core只要 12K gates (與8051相近). 而NXP在增加了周邊線路後 09' 年 150uA/MHz ,10' 年 130uA/MHz, 11'年會推出 100uA/MHz. 在省電模式下也有不同方式達成低功耗. 上回在 這篇 LPC1114 Flash如何當eeprom來使用? (IAP) 的回答僅回答前面一個問號. 這個實驗中,會將wrtie_data[ ] 中的資料寫入flash 0x00001000 起的flash中."	
"2019-04-25T07:59:47Z"	
"http://mcudiy.blogspot.com/2011/02/"
"As social media continues to explode as a marketing tool, limited-service restaurants will likely face even more decisions about how to spend their time and dollars in an effort to use special online deals to grab the attention and loyalty of customers. Whether it’s the use of Facebook, Twitter, or other tools to drive fans to the restaurant or daily deal couponing via Groupon and LivingSocial, operators are continuing to see their social media options grow. Back in 2004 I was the CIO for a nationwide automobile recycling company called Greenleaf (now LKQ) which would purchase cars with salvage titles at auto auctions, dismantle the cars and sell the parts. As you can imagine, the cars that we wanted to purchase were the ones with the largest number of usable, non damaged, parts that were in the greatest demand. We had written an application that would scour our current inventory and identify parts that we deemed that we needed for each vehicle at auction and place a value on said vehicle based on what we thought we could sell the parts for minus transport and other overhead costs. At the time, the existing technology was to use a ruggedized laptop where we entered in the usable parts for each vehicle at auction during the preview period and then would “sync” them at the end of the day to get the price we were willing to pay the next day at the auction. These notebook PCs were bulky and heavy and often suffered from poor battery life, so it was not always convenient for buyers to drag them around to the auctions. As a result, auction preview information – such as year, make, model and condition of the vehicles for sale – being gathered by buyers wasn’t always captured electronically. Often times, the “buyers” as we called them would cowboy up and place a value on the car “based on their years of buying experience”. Well as you can imagine, that resulted in many bad buys for Greenleaf where we could not sell the parts for what we expected to, or they sat around in inventory for a very long time. In order to find a solution to this problem, we spec’d out a wireless solution that would make it easier for the buyers to access the purchasing algorithm directly and in real-time via wireless PDAs (personal digital assistants) after looking at various tablet PC’s of that time. Evaluating the mobile devices and carriers was a huge task since in 2004 wireless broadband was not very prevalent. Each carrier that we used was different based on their coverage for that part of the country. Additionally, different types of PDAs were involved, based on what that carrier supported. To ensure the application was device independent, we used the Microsoft Mobile Internet Toolkit, which defines the framework and the user interface for a mobile Web application so that it will be compatible with any mobile device. The biggest challenge to overcome, however, was coping with the PDA screen size, which is much smaller than on the notebook PCs the buyers had previously been using. In order not to degrade the user experience, some unique interface design effort was required to collapse the presentation screen size and re-map the information onto the smaller PDA screen – while ensuring that the most relevant data was readily available to the buyers. Even though the application functionality was the same as before, many of the buyers had never used handheld devices, and the smaller screens and stylus took some getting used to. Additionally, these devices were not the best performers in the direct sunlight of the car lots. Why do I tell you all this? Because I almost look back daily since the advent of the iPad (and subsequently Android tablets) and think about how the iPhone/iPad was a revolution. The iPhone was a phone like no other when it came out and the iPad singlehandedly rescued an industry (tablet PCs) that had all but died. If today we could have given the buyers access to the purchasing algorithm via an app written for an iOS or Android tablet using 3G or 4G…man oh man! With today’s tablets perfect size, perfect weight and perfect thickness on a screen as sharp and usable in sunlight as say a Super AMOLED screen we would have overcome all of the challenges I mentioned above and had virtually no issues with our buyers. How about you, how are you taking advantage of mobile apps and tablet technology today to solve challenges in the Enterprise?"	
"2019-04-23T08:43:03Z"	
"https://scottspiek.wordpress.com/2011/06/"
"This year I’m a Special Guest at CAKE and will be joining a panel (more info to come). The new Pierre Feuille Ciseaux edition will be held right before the festival: For a whole week, 16 creators are bound to explore the gigantic territory of contemporary comics. Anders will be joining Penelope Gazin, Gilbert Hernandez, Sammy Harkham and more at LA Comic Con - The Art Hole. Join Anders Nilsen at Gosh Comics, Books in London for brief talk and signing from the second chapter of his new long-form comic Tongues. Things get weird in these three new books. The last three citizens of a town populated by people with hereditary oddities face the last days of their community in Robert Hill’s The Remnants. The twelve stories in Alexandra Kleeman’s Intimations feature a room with no exit, an apocalypse of disappearance, and a house party wherein the key to survival is knowing the difference between fake and real blood. Anders Nilsen presents a fantastical view of primeval creation and a world void of humans in the illustrations of A Walk in Eden. Moderated by Amanda Nelson of Book Riot. Advance tickets are $15 (day-of tickets $18) and include a wristband for all-day admission to the Portland Art Museum for the day. Attendees 17 and younger and anyone with a valid high school student ID attend the festival for FREE."	
"2019-04-20T12:53:29Z"	
"https://andersbrekhusnilsen.squarespace.com/events"
"​What is a Chamber of Commerce?​A chamber of commerce is at the heart of the local economy and the backbone of the nation's economy. A Chamber of Commerce is an association of business people organized to promote the welfare of their community, especially the economic wellbeing. Celebrating and promoting the diversity and uniqueness of the communities they serve. Usually, each Chamber is governed by an elected Board of directors.​The Cen-Tex African American Chamber of Commerce, Inc - McLennan County, was established on February 3, 2004. The Chamber's purpose is to develop a robust economic base by providing members: Access to information, Business resources and activities that enhance the quality of life for all who live, work and play in our region. The Chamber is committed to the growth and progress of the African American business community. The vision statement of the Cen-Tex African American Chamber of Commerce, Inc - McLennan County is to be the premier advocate for African American businesses and the East Waco community. Monday - Friday: 9:00am -12 pm and 1 pm - 5:00pm. Closed daily for lunch."	
"2019-04-23T12:01:47Z"	
"https://www.centexchamber.com/chamber-profile.html"
"Cornerstone Research (in conjunction with the Stanford Securities Class Action Clearinghouse) has released its 2013 midyear report on federal securities class action filings. (1) There were 74 filings, which was 16 percent higher than the second half of 2012 (but well below the historical average per six-month period). The increase is primarily the result of an increase in filings against technology and energy companies. (2) Federal filings associated with M&A transactions remained at low levels. These actions now are being pursued primarily in state court. (3) For filings in the years 2008 through 2010, a larger percentage of cases were dismissed than in prior years, with dismissal rates climbing significantly above 50%. One contributing factor, however, was the higher dismissal rates for M&A filings, which frequently were brought in federal court during this period. (1) The number of accounting filings fell from 78 in 2011 to 45 in 2012. Two factors that contributed to this decline were the overall decrease in filings and the specific decrease in Chinese reverse merger cases (which frequently include accounting allegations). (2) The proportion of accounting filings involving restatements (36%) and internal control weaknesses (67%) remained relatively constant. (3) Accounting cases are less likely to be dismissed and more likely to settle than non-accounting cases. In 2012, accounting cases were less than 70% of the settled cases, but represented more than 90% of the total value of settlements. (1) There were 53 settlements in 2012, involving $2.9 billion in total settlement funds. While the overall number of settlements represents a 14-year low, the total settlement funds increased by more than 100% from 2011. The increase in total settlement funds was due in large part to an increase in $100m+ settlements (accounting for nearly 75 percent of all settlement funds in 2012). (2) The average reported settlement amount increased from $21.6 million (2011) to $54.7 million (2012). There also was a sharp increase in the median settlement amount from $5.9 million (2011) to $10.2 million (2012). The key factor identified by Cornerstone as responsible for the increase in settlement values was a spike in the median “estimated damages” associated with the settled cases (a significant portion of which were related to the credit crisis). (3) More than 50% of the settled cases were accompanied by a derivative action filing, compared with a post-Reform Act average of 30%. The presence of a derivative action historically coincides with a higher settlement value for the related securities class action. NERA Economic Consulting and Cornerstone Research (in conjunction with the Stanford Securities Class Action Clearinghouse) have released their 2012 annual reports on securities class action filings. As usual, the different methodologies employed by the two organizations have led to different numbers. (1) NERA finds that there were 207 filings (compared with 225 filings in 2011), while Cornerstone finds that there were 152 filings (compared with 188 filings in 2011). NERA normally has a higher filings number due to its counting methodology (see footnote 2 of the NERA report). A key difference in 2012 is how Cornerstone and NERA counted M&A suits, with NERA reporting 53 M&A filings and Cornerstone reporting 13 M&A filings. (2) The difference in the M&A filings count leads NERA and Cornerstone to markedly different conclusions about what happened last year. NERA finds that filings generally are holding steady, with the key difference being a decline in credit crisis filings (from 13 filings to 4 filings). In contrast, Cornerstone concludes that there has been a sharp decline in filing activity, led by the drop in M&A filings (from 43 filings to 13 filings), and that this decline has resulted in the second-lowest filing level in the past sixteen years. (3) NERA and Cornerstone agree that filings in the Ninth Circuit were down nearly 50% as compared to 2011. Cornerstone attributes the change “largely” to a decline in M&A and Chinese reverse merger filings. (4) NERA finds a sharp drop in the number of settlements. Only 93 securities class actions were settled in 2012 — a record low since 1996 and a 25% reduction as compared to 2011. Settlement values, however, were near their average level from recent years. NERA Economic Consulting and Cornerstone Research (in conjunction with the Stanford Securities Class Action Clearinghouse) have released their 2012 midyear reports on securities class action filings. As usual, the different methodologies employed by the two organizations have led to different numbers, although they generally agree that the number of filings is holding steady. (1) NERA counts 116 filings and Cornerstone counts 88 filings (NERA treats actions filed in different circuits, but against the same defendant, as separate filings – see FN 2 of the report). Cornerstone views this as a slight decrease in total filings, down 6 percent from both the first half and second half of 2011, while NERA finds it in line with historical averages. (2) Both NERA and Cornerstone agree that there has been a decline in M&A-related filings and, correspondingly, an increase in “standard” misstatement cases alleging violations of Rule 10b-5, Section 11, and/or Section 12. According to NERA, there have been 83 “standard” filings in the first half of 2012. If that pace continues, it will lead to the most “standard” filings since 2008. (3) The number of cases against foreign-domiciled companies is decreasing, largely due to a decline in Chinese reverse merger filings. (4) NERA’s report contains an interesting analysis of the motions practice in securities class actions that were filed and settled between 2000 and 2012. The findings include that in 22% of cases where a motion to dismiss was filed, and in 46% of cases were a motion for class certification was filed, the cases were settled before the court issued a decision on the pending motion. (5) NERA also examines the settlement activity so far this year and concludes (a) the overall number of settlements is lower than usual (a projected 98 settlements in 2012 vs. 123 settlements in 2011), but (b) the median settlement amount ($7.9 million) is about the same as last year and consistent with pre-credit crisis levels. (1) There were 65 settlements in 2011, involving $1.4 billion in total settlement funds. These numbers represent a significant decline as compared to 2010 (86 settlements; $3.2 billion in funds) and are the lowest number of approved settlements and total settlement dollars in more than 10 years. (2) The average reported settlement amount decreased from $36.3 million in 2010 to $21 million in 2011, substantially below the average of $55.2 million for all post-PSLRA settlements. Among the factors identified by Cornerstone as possibly responsible for the decrease are: (a) the overall drop in filings of traditional securities class actions that began in 2006; (b) a decline in very large settlements (only three over $100 million); (c) a lower average estimated damages in the settled cases; and (d) fewer cases involving accounting allegations or accompanied by SEC actions/derivative actions. (3) Robbins Geller was the most active firm in 2011, having been involved in 35% of the settled cases. NERA Economic Consulting and Cornerstone Research (in conjunction with the Stanford Securities Class Action Clearinghouse) have released their 2011 annual reports on securities class action filings. (1) Cornerstone finds that there were 188 filings (compared with 176 filings in 2010), while NERA finds that there were 232 filings (compared with 241 filings in 2010). (For some insight on why NERA has a larger total, see footnote 2 of the NERA report, which discusses its counting methodology. Also, NERA’s report came out in December, requiring it to use a projected number for December’s total filings.) Both reports agree that cases against listed Chinese companies and M&A cases have driven a significant portion of the filing activity. Meanwhile, credit crisis cases have dwindled (Cornerstone – 3 filings; NERA – 11 filings). (2) Cornerstone has an interesting new analysis on the probability of a securities class action advancing through different stages of litigation. The analysis, using filings from 1996 to 2011, finds that prior to the filing of a motion to dismiss, 9% of cases were voluntarily dismissed and 16% were settled. Of the remaining 75% of cases, 32% were dismissed, 35% were settled, and 8% reached a ruling on summary judgment or beyond. The report also breaks down these numbers by circuit and year. (3) NERA provides some settlement statistics and finds that, even excluding large settlement outliers, there was a substantial decline in average settlement values — from $40 million in 2010 to $31 million in 2011. The median settlement value was $8.7 million, which was less than the 2010 all-time median settlement value of $11 million, but still the third highest on record."	
"2019-04-25T21:54:42Z"	
"https://10b5daily.com/category/lies-damn-lies-and-statistics/page/2/"
"New Yorkers voted for change this fall, and Democrats won upset victories and a historic majority in the State Senate. But a group of rogue Democrats is discussing an alliance with Republicans in the State Senate that would squash the progressive agenda and keep Republicans in control. And Gov. Cuomo? He's saying he "won't get involved." Join us in calling on Gov. Cuomo to stand up for a Democratic Senate Majority that can pass the progressive agenda we voted for. Please click here to email Governor Cuomo right away. And scroll to the bottom for details about a series of upcoming rallies throughout the state. The Governor says he stands for progressive values. He claims to support public financing of elections, raising the minimum wage, gun control and protecting women's health. But Republicans in the State Senate have bottled up our issues for years, or even decades! So now, when rogue Democrats are ready to join the Republicans and throw our progressive values under the bus, why is Governor Cuomo is willing to stand by and let it happen? This is no time to stay out of the fray – if Gov. Cuomo truly shares our values, he's got to fight for them. Click here to tell Governor Andrew Cuomo to speak up for a Democratic Senate majority in Albany."	
"2019-04-21T02:14:46Z"	
"https://www.youngfeministsnow.com/youngfeministtaskforce/2012/11/call-out-cuomo-not-to-cave-in-to-gop.html"
"The current delivery time for most product is 1-2 weeks from the time your order is placed. This time frame is allowing for normal manufacturing and shipping times(Items are shipped within 5 business days). However, in times of high volume and/or other unforeseen circumstances, this time frame may be extended. Freight- Required for solar panels, solar kits, and solar generators. Point Zero Energy will only accept returns on products that are damaged or defective. See our warranty page (link) for more information on product warranty. All product under warranty will be repaired or replaced at the sole discretion of Point Zero Energy. Upon approval, Point Zero Energy will provide a quote to the customer for the repair, replacement, or improvement of the product. Customer is responsible for all shipping costs on products not under warranty. In the event of a damaged or defective product currently under warranty, you must go through the proper return process for a successful return. Step 1: Contact us to obtain a Return Material Authorization (RMA) number. All returned product must have a valid Point Zero Energy RMA number. This number is necessary to ensure proper tracking and handling of returned product. Do not return any hardware until an RMA is issued. Point Zero Energy reserves the right to refuse shipments that do not have an authorized RMA number. Refused shipments will be returned to the customer, and customer is responsible for shipping costs for unauthorized returns. The RMA Returns Policy requires customers to return the defective product to Point Zero Energy within 10 business days of issuing RMA form. Step 2: Provide any necessary proof showing defect or damage. This step may vary depending on product. See our warranty page (link) for more details. Customer is responsible for any initial shipping charges required to ship the product for warranty service. Point Zero Energy will pay the return shipping charges if the product is repaired or replaced under warranty. DO NOT RETURN any damaged/defective product WITHOUT a valid and authorized Return Material Authorization (RMA) number. Product serial number for the defective/damaged product. Any damage that occurs during shipping must be reported to Point Zero Energy immediately upon arrival. If a signature is needed for delivery, make sure the damage is noted on the form before you sign for it. Damage that occurs after you receive any product after shipment is the sole responsibility of the customer. Step 1: Contact Point Zero Energy to receive RMA form. Point Zero Energy will cover any shipping charges needed to repair/replace product that has been damaged from shipping."	
"2019-04-18T17:24:15Z"	
"https://www.pointzeroenergy.com/shipping-and-returns/"
"I really never had kissed a girl until I was 18. I put so much pressure on myself, that It could not happen, because of the Law of Attraction, (Back then I did not know about LOA, but I used to read Buddhist books). So once there was a summer festival in my little hometown. I made so much pressure on myself again, but I did not dare to speak to a girl, if I would, it never would have worked out, because of my Insecurities. The suffering was so unbearable, that suddenly I changed my mind and said to myself: "Ok, I see I cannot force anything, I still love you. And if you stay without a girl for the rest of your life, that’s fine, I LOVE YOU." Really the universe provides you with everything if you just GET OUT THE WAY! Does the continuous vibration of love, appreciation sexiness etc. affect our bodies? Of course! It has to! How do Brad Pitt, George Clooney or Scarlett Johanson feel about themselves? Not hard to guess."	
"2019-04-23T00:43:25Z"	
"http://www.law-of-attraction-guide.com/attracting-girls.html"
"Athlete's food is a fungal infection that tends to be found between the toes. It is highly contagious and spreads rapidly in warm and damp places such as swimming pool and gym dressing rooms. Symptoms include inflammation, itchiness, cracked skin, scaling and blisters. Why does it flare up? Since the fungus thrives in a warm, moist environment - we want to change that environment. This can be done by using a hair dryer! After a shower, dry your feet well by patting the areas (not rubbing) especially between the toes. Then take the hair dryer, and on medium heat dry the area of the feet and the areas between the toes, and also dry the tops and bottoms of the toes. After drying thoroughly, spread some 100% pure virgin coconut oil (can find this in the oil section at the health food store) on the infected area of your feet. While you are at it, massage some of the oil on all of your feet and give yourself a quick Reflexology session by pressing and rubbing all the areas of your feet. Note: at room temperature the oil is in a solid form, so if it is cold you may need a spoon to scoop it out. If you do this every day - you may even forget that you used to have intense itching! Please let me know if it works for you. Oran Aviv, a senior Reflexologist since 1995, has been helping adults and children stay healthy for over 17 years. Oran believes that everyone should put their health in their own hands – even literally, she teaches basic Hand Reflexology workshops across the country."	
"2019-04-24T12:50:48Z"	
"http://www.reflexandmore.com/en/articles/54-athlete-s-foot"
"At Walker, we understand the importance of a funeral to a grieving family but sadly, some families don’t think they can afford the exorbitant prices some funerals homes charge. Walker is different; we make sure all families can receive the best service, compassionate care, and quality products – at a price anyone can afford. It is our commitment to you and to our community. Helping people when they need it most is the cornerstone of our business. We are a family owned and operated business. In fact, Herb Walker grew up in the West end of Cincinnati. We provide innovative service options with old fashioned kindness and care. Walker chapels are the perfect mix of modern day technology and style - coupled with the classic elegance that is comforting and familiar. It’s truly the best of both worlds. At Walker we are upfront with our pricing, and make our General Price List easy to understand and available to all our website visitors in online and downloadable form. This is something that very few funeral homes do in Cincinnati, but we believe it is our duty to help you understand the expenses that may be incurred and to do so in a clear and upfront manner. We seek out quality and value. We make sure to get the best deals so we can pass that savings on to you. We offer the highest quality merchandise and award-winning, personalized services at the most affordable price in Cincinnati -- guaranteed! We never use subpar quality products and we are constantly evaluating what services are important to families. We provide services to all faiths. In fact, Herb Walker was the FIRST in Cincinnati to offer caskets at affordable prices to everyone, including who wished to have their funerals in their home church. Herb posed the questions, "Why pay for a funeral home when you aren’t going to use it?" So Cincinnati Casket, which is currently Walker Funeral Store, was opened to fill this need. Walker also carries an extensive line of caskets, which include the very popular Batesville brand. Batesville caskets are made in the USA and we sell them at about 80% LESS than most other funeral homes. Additionally, we carry monuments, urns, jewelry, and many other funeral or memorial related items, all at affordable and honest prices. We do what we can to help ease the sometimes unforeseen expenses that are incurred due to ones passing. We do this by offering reasonably priced, quality products and services -- and by providing financing to those who need it. We have products and services to fit within anyone’s budget. We have worked hard to ensure that our chapels are modern, clean, spacious, and handicap accessible. All chapels are equipped with digital audio and one or more monitors for viewing life celebration DVDs. We can even stream video so friends and family far and wide can view the service. Our Walnut Hills Chapel beautiful, clean, modern and spacious; it seats over 200 people. It is one of the largest funeral home chapels. Walker is proud to offer the largest automotive fleet in Cincinnati which includes some of the finest names in the automotive industry; Cadillac, Mercedes Benz, and Lincoln. We offer prearrangement services through Homesteaders, Outlook, Cincinnati Equitable, and others. Both of our attractive locations have ample parking and are well-lit. Walker’s exclusive Best Price Guarantee gives you the peace of mind that the price you paid is the lowest in Cincinnati. We make it simple, easy, and fair - always."	
"2019-04-23T06:17:08Z"	
"https://www.herbwalker.com/value--affordability"
"Be aware of the campaign and discount announcements regarding flower arrangements! Moreover, you can order flowers in a simple and fast way through the Flower Basket App and send flowers to your loved ones on the same day thanks to special day reminders and discounts. With our Android application you can take care of your floral orders with a few clicks, you can choose the gift you want by filtering out hundreds of gift and gift categories without going to the florist. With a large flower network the same day Flower Basket Android app, you can send flowers anywhere in Turkey now you can download to your phone! According to Online alışverişgönd I purpose, according to the type of flower and add special day flower arrangement to your cart you like about in products that are categorized on the basis of. You can specify the time interval you want to be delivered with the address information and floral card note, and you can complete your online order in seconds. In addition to the local florist arrangements, you can also order the custom design products of the souvenir sellers and boutique flower sellers who are members of our Marketplace system."	
"2019-04-24T12:54:33Z"	
"http://www.esistor.com/p/cicek-sepeti-ios"
"Regardless of whether you visit Amarillo for a great steak (the Big Texan Steak Ranch offers to pick up the tab for anyone who can finish a 72-ounce steak in one hour) or a quick high (helium is the second lightest element in the universe) or to simply stop and smell the roses, it’s a great place to enjoy some Texas hospitality. The folks are friendly and unpretentious, and life is laid back. We rolled in close to 8 p.m. and were led to our campsite, where we set up for the night amid the sounds of planes (the Rick Husband Amarillo International Airport is nearby), trains (the Fort Worth and Denver City Railroad contributed to the city’s growth) and automobiles. A ranch hand named Bill showed us one of the rustic cabins and explained how it was built on site. You never know where our dreams may lead. Our doggies found not only relief but also a small measure of freedom at Kamp K9, a dog park feature at many KOAs. Confession: We failed to clean up after them. It was late, after all, and we were tired, and…well, OK, there’s no good excuse. We had been saving Cliff’s exceptional pasta e fagioli soup for this special night, and it was well worth the wait. A little late night TV, a welcome shower and we soon fell into bed, exhausted but serene. June 1, 2015 in Adventures, Cloud 9."	
"2019-04-21T10:58:31Z"	
"https://garinnsonthego.net/2015/06/01/just-damned-big/"
"What started out as a simple drink at a local pub quickly spiraled into a whirlwind romance. Margaret and Brad became inseparable from that very first date, and after several years together decided to take the next step. They had just bought their first home as a couple, and it proved to be the perfect spot for their proposal and symbolic of their new life together. Growing up in a "Disney Family", Margaret has visited the theme parks countless times growing up and still into adulthood. She visited Disney Aulani with her family during the early stages of her and Brad's relationship. During the whole trip, she wished Brad was there to experience Hawaii with her. When her family started planning their next trip to the islands during the same summer that the couple was planning their wedding, it was the perfect opportunity to have a wonderful destination wedding with a bit of Disney magic."	
"2019-04-19T22:59:45Z"	
"https://www.disneyweddings.com/ever-after-blog/aulani-wedding-spotlight-margaret-brad/"
"1. What is the transport protocol you use to call a Web service? SOAP (Simple Object Access Protocol) is the preferred protocol. 2. True or False: A Web service can only be written in .NET? 3. What does WSDL stand for? 4. Where on the Internet would you look for Web services? 5. True or False: To test a Web service you must create a Windows application or Web application to consume this service? False, the web service comes with a test page and it provides HTTP-GET method to test. ViewState allows the state of objects (serializable) to be stored in a hidden field on the page. ViewState is transported to the client and back to the server, and is not stored on the server or any other external source. ViewState is used the retain the state of server-side objects between postabacks. 2. What is the lifespan for items stored in ViewState? 3. What does the “EnableViewState” property do? Why would I want it on or off? It allows the page to save the users input on a form across postbacks. It saves the server-side values for a given control into ViewState, which is stored as a hidden value on the page before sending the page to the clients browser. When the page is posted back to the server the server control is recreated with the state stored in viewstate. 4. What are the different types of Session state management options available with ASP.NET? ASP.NET provides In-Process and Out-of-Process state management. In-Process stores the session in memory on the web server. This requires the a “sticky-server” (or no load-balancing) so that the user is always reconnected to the same web server. Out-of-Process Session state management stores data in an external data source. The external data source may be either a SQL Server or a State Server service. Out-of-Process state management requires that all objects stored in session are serializable. How to create a package for web application with components that shared with other applications? Create a setup project which produces a .msi file. 2. Add AssemblyKeyFileAttribute to the assembly file and set it to the full name and path of the key file generated in step 1. The setup program detects a strong named assembly and installs it into GAC on the client machine. what is .net frame work? .Net facilitates integration of code written for desktop applications with code written for web applications. It also facilitates creation of assemblies from code files written in different .net languages. It provides a common type system (CTS) for bringing data types of all languages on a common platform. Simple answer to this is as follows Authentication is process of finding whether the user is valid.Example username and password u enter in mail page.That process is authentication Authorization is the process of holding rights for particular task.Example: Usually admin have right to install software in companies and others are not granted this right. What is difference between Authentication and Authorization? Assemblies are single deployable unit which consist of classes structures and interface.they consist of metadata which desrcibes assembly version ,name ,type etc. They are known as logical DLL’s . panel are scrollable and in panels captions can not be displayed. Asp is not compiled that is interperated where as ASP.net is compiled. I found that there are numerous posts for Assemblies but none for giving out the difference between Panel and a Group Box. Although a Panel as well as the groupbox are almost the same there are minute differences. In group box you can enter text while you cant do that in Panel. In Panel you have got a built in support for scrollbars which is not available in case of group box. What is the difference between excute query and excute nonquery.? Whats the use of @ Register directives ? Associates aliases with namespaces and class names for concise notation in custom server control syntax. An alias to associate with a namespace. An alias to associate with a class. The namespace to associate with tagprefix. The location (relative or absolute) of the declarative User Control file to associate with the tagprefix:tagname pair. The assembly in which the namespace that you are associating with tagprefix resides. Note The assembly name does not include a file name extension. Yes, for this you have to use datatable and after inserting the first row in datatable u have to bind that datatable to the grid and next time , first u have to add the row in datatable and next bind it to datagrid. keep on doing. This entry was posted by Interview questions on November 24, 2010 at 7:31 am, and is filed under .net interview questions, asp.net interview questions. Follow any responses to this post through RSS 2.0. You can leave a response or trackback from your own site."	
"2019-04-23T20:40:46Z"	
"https://www.freshersinterviewquestions.com/asp-net-webservice/?replytocom=68"
"Home>Supplements>Home Ownership>Homebuying: Move-In Ready or Fixer-Upper? What if you’re buying a house for the first time, but can’t decide if it should be a brand-new (turn-key) house or a charming one with good bones that needs a lot of work? Before you decide which kind of house you want, it’s always best to do your research, which will include the pros and cons of turn-key and fixer-upper properties. Also, don’t forget about property taxes, because depending on where you choose to buy a home, the selection can have a significant impact on the cost to remodel compared to the cost of purchasing a newly-constructed home. Consider that the cost of purchasing a brand-new home can run thousands of dollars more than an older home just in need of some tender, loving care. Overall, whether you move into turn-key home or the worst one on the block, it’s important to recognize which project provides the best fit for the buyer and their budget, and their expectations of the home. • Lastly, because both fixer-uppers and move-in ready homes have their own unique benefits and challenges, it will ultimately be left up to the homebuyer to go with the choice that best aligns with their budget, needs, and long-term goals for their new home."	
"2019-04-26T02:21:43Z"	
"https://washingtoninformer.com/homebuying-move-in-ready-or-fixer-upper/"
"Content marketing is a very powerful digital marketing tool that businesses of all sizes can leverage to drive not only significant brand awareness but leads and sales conversions as well. With up to 76% of companies in the B2B arena owning one, blogs have proven to be a very effective content marketing tool for business, as confirmed by up to 52% of professional digital marketers. Business blogging is geared towards providing your brand and business not only with greater online visibility but also a means of interacting or engaging directly with targeted audiences online. As more and more businesses are gearing up towards a boost in their content marketing campaigns through their blogs, its high-time small business owners who have not yet initiated their own campaigns to start doing so. If you are still very skeptical about the powers of business blogging, then the following reasons should convince you to start taking action – and start churning content for your business blogs. Business blogging is an inbound marketing strategy that drives organic traffic without you having to spend tons of money on paid advertising or settling for black-hat strategies like buying and spamming email lists. With business blogging, you generate quality traffic from targeted audiences who may show greater interest in your brand, products or services. Studies indicate that up to 80% of daily visits to business blogs are from new visitors. These studies also indicate that if business blogs post content on a regular and more frequent basis (ideally once a day), they generate up to 5 times more traffic from blogs that post only once a week or even less. If visitors like your blog, most would definitely share it which could make your content go viral. Don’t you worry if you think your blog is just new or if you only have a few content posted? Just maintain and update your blog regularly and traffic to your site will grow. Studies show that a 53% increase in traffic occur after 51 posts and could shoot up to 3 times as much after reaching the 100-post level and 4.5 times more after 200 posts. It’s a good thing if you can generate tons of traffic to your site, but it would really be a great thing if you can convert them all into leads through business blogging. The important thing here is to provide your targeted audiences with high quality content that includes a compelling call-to-action that will entice your readers to become valuable business leads. Note that not all traffic can and will convert into leads so it’s important that you generate more traffic through regular blog posts. The simple act of blogging at least once or twice a month can already generate up to 70% more leads than competitors who don’t have a business blog at all according to a HubSpot study. Other studies placed these figures at even higher levels of 126%, particularly true for small businesses with blogs as compared to those who do not blog. Still, you can generate up to 4 times more leads if you post regularly on your business blogs. A website optimized for search engines can draw in highly targeted traffic that could later convert into leads or even sales. Business blogging plays an important part in boosting your SEO campaign for the simple fact that search engines like Google, Bing and Yahoo love high quality original content that people actually do it – and will reward your site by placing it high in the ranking pedestals. Boost your main website’s SEO with a business blog for studies show that doing so will get your pages indexed by up to 434% and generate indexed links by up to 97% more. More pages and links indexed by search engines gives you better chances of ranking higher in search results. Business blogging generates more site visitors and more traffic generated means more chances of generating leads. More leads means greater possibilities of acquiring new customers. That’s how you benefit from business blogging which, according to a HubSpot survey, has benefited up to 60% of businesses with a blog. Why is this so? This is due to the high trust rate 81% of these consumers place on the information, tips and advice they get from their favorite business blogs. Unlike in the old days where only large companies with the budget to invest on traditional media channels like television, newspapers and the radio, small businesses have a voice in the marketing world, small businesses can now compete and keep up through business blogging. With your own blog for sharing information and other relevant topics related to your products and services, small businesses can now have a voice that can actually engage in two-way communications with targeted audiences. Studies show that business blogs can actually influence the purchasing decisions of consumers, with up to 61% of consumers in the United States making purchases based on information they received through a blog post. This is a high trust rate considering that up to 57% of online adults in the United States do read blogs. Within this group lies the 18-34 year old demographic where up to 80% have indicated that blogs proved influential in guiding them through making purchasing decisions. Posting on a daily basis may mean a lot of work for a business owner, especially if he has to oversee other aspects of his business. A great thing with business blogging however is that it need not be a one-man show as you can your own staff and other members of your organization pitch in with creating content for your blog. Just take HubSpot as an example. The company allows every team member to produce content for them, collectively generating 3 to 5 new posts each day. This is the main reason why HubSpot was twice awarded with the #1 Best Place to Work recognition by the Boston Business Journal, prompting none other than Google investing $32 million in this company – all because of their team-powered business blog. Companies can provide valuable relevant information that their targeted audiences need through their business blogs. This can include simple tips articles to detailed instruction manuals that may prove valuable for your audiences. By providing your customers and other targeted audiences with valuable knowledge, you are on a strong path towards establishing a strong niche authority for your brand and business. Developing yourself and your business as an authority or expert in your niche can open new doors that will further increase awareness and visibility for your brand and business. Journalists and other business bloggers looking up to you as an authority in your niche will quote your content, syndicate your content, or even perform live interviews with you sitting on the resource person’s chair. Such actions will provide your business with free PR that others will not easily get – even if they paid just to get one. Establishing a business blog may seem like hard work for many, particularly if your site is just relatively new and you and your staff are still in the process of generating content. But once you’ve established the framework for your blog and generated enough posts, you will soon experience favorable long term results from all your efforts. A great thing about business blogging is the fact that older posts continue to generate traffic even if you’re produced these months or even years before. Studies show that 70% of blog traffic comes from posts published older than the current month. These reasons, as well as a ton of others not mentioned here, prove the effectiveness of business blogging as a valuable digital marketing tool. So if you’re planning on starting your own business blog or have apprehensions in doing so, just check out these top 10 reasons – and be persuaded in starting your business blog… now!"	
"2019-04-19T20:40:12Z"	
"http://digitalmarketingphilippines.com/top-10-reasons-to-do-business-blogging-infographic/"
"This is an opportunity for students to make a positive impression on potential employers. Students are also invited to attend a free networking lunch with employers participating in the fair, but registration for the lunch is required in advance. Students can register through Sycamore Career Link powered by Handshake through your ISU Portal."	
"2019-04-25T07:56:17Z"	
"https://www.indstate.edu/event/build-your-future-day-career-fair"
"Thanks for dropping by. This new site represents a major upgrade, but it is still a work-in-progress. As menus evolve, many items are still easiest to access from links at the bottom of the page. Thanks for your patience and understanding. What exciting events lie in the future ? Check the Calendar page for details. Joyful dancing -- it's a happy theme ! Most of this website's information is accessed from the Dance page. The Blog is not yet operational -- just a couple of experimental dance posts so far. Thanks for visiting. If you want to get in touch with Scott, just click on the Contact links."	
"2019-04-20T20:47:42Z"	
"http://scotthiggs.com/"
"The maximum thermal performance or R-value of insulation is very dependent on proper installation. Homeowners can install some types of insulation -- notably blankets and materials that can be poured in place. Other types require professional installation. To evaluate blanket installation, you can measure batt thickness and check for gaps between batts as well as between batts and framing. In addition, inspect insulation for a tight fit around building components that penetrate the insulation, such as electrical boxes. To evaluate sprayed or blown-in types of insulation, measure the depth of the insulation and check for gaps in coverage. We take that nasty looking attic and crawl space, clean it, remove & install insulation, get rid of pests & rodents which leaves you with cleaner air and peace of mind. (Learn More). Radiant barriers are installed in homes -- usually in attics -- primarily to reduce summer heat gain and reduce cooling costs. The materials reflect radiation, and reduce the flow of heat. Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning is the technology of indoor and vehicular environmental comfort. Its goal is to provide thermal comfort and acceptable indoor air quality. Really had a good experience with Attic Bros from start to finish. The estimator came out to our home after contacting him, provided a clear and very reasonable quote for insulation and a radiant barrier and also improved the air flow in the attic. The estimator did a fantastic job at our home with radiant barrier, attic fans, attic entry tent zipper cover, and increasing the insulation height in our attic. Attic Bros was nearly $345 lower cost than the first estimate we got. Fast, Easy and professional estimates!"	
"2019-04-26T10:27:29Z"	
"https://www.atticbros.com/residential/"
"Does OppoSuits accept products bought at other retailers? We are unable to process returned products that were obtained from a retailer other than OppoSuits. Please always return products to the retailer you originally purchased the products from."	
"2019-04-23T20:32:20Z"	
"https://support.opposuits.com/hc/en-ca/articles/360000039338-Does-OppoSuits-accept-products-bought-at-other-retailers-"
"Check out the paleo recipe book. Paleo.io is a great app to help you figure out if a food is or isn’t paleo. Brought to you buy the team at Ultimate Paleo Guide – Paleo.io is a great reference app to have in your pocket at all times. On top of that – it’s only $.99!. Currently only available for a iOS, it should be available for Android soon!"	
"2019-04-18T21:21:24Z"	
"https://paleodiet.org/apps/"
"The concept of enjoying a leisurely meal in an establishment specifically devoted to preparing and serving food and ordering off of a menu is one that would have been quite foreign to our ancestors. In Europe, prior to the mid 18th century and even into the nineteenth century, dining outside of the home was regarded with great suspicion as the quality of food and the establishments in which one could eat were not held in high esteem. Dining outside of the home would typically only occur when a person was traveling and had no access to their own kitchen. The wealthy who traveled were more apt to have servants who carried quality foodstuffs and prepared it for them, or to stay in the homes of friends rather than eat at such establishments. There were indeed taverns or inns that provided accommodation and where food was served along with alcohol, but it was not always food of the highest quality, and the patrons of such establishments (thought to be drunkards and thieves) were looked upon with some trepidation as well. The concept of having a number of dishes to choose from that we are familiar with today was not an option at such eating establishments; patrons sat at one large table at an appointed hour and the eating was family style (the earliest definition of table d’hôte) and would consist of whatever the owner cared to prepare. In many cases, these dishes had the potential to be leftovers and scraps of the most foul quality imaginable. It was much the same in America. Taverns and boarding houses in the seventeenth and eighteenth century would have served primarily travelers, as there would have been little reason (or opportunity) for most Colonial Americans to eat outside of the home. And the food in such places, as in Europe, had little to recommend it."	
"2019-04-20T19:04:41Z"	
"http://digital.library.unlv.edu/index.php/collections/menus/history-restaurant-menus"
"Once again, via Planet Friendly Pest Control, home owners in Southern Maryland, Northern Virginia and South West Pennsylvania experience some of the best professional lawn care available within the industry. There is a difference between a “ wild meadow” and a “lawn”. Meadows occur naturally and exist in every grassy space left to Mother Nature and a lawn mower. A lawn on the other hand requires regular feeding, monitoring, weed and disease control. The Planet Friendly Pest Control fertilization programs are custom and specific to each customer’s lawn. We manage your lawn care with the goal of achieving the highest quality lawn while at the same time preventing runoff into storm drains and ultimately our water supply. One of the key aspects of a healthy lawn is having a consistent monitoring effort. Our technicians will monitor your lawn and keep you in the loop regarding lawn issues and various solutions. Our process of inspection and monitoring reduces pesticide use by 80% which, is better for your family and the environment."	
"2019-04-19T02:42:55Z"	
"https://www.planetfriendlypestcontrol.com/services-menu/lawn-care/lawn-care-programs/"
"Few weaks ago we told you about Andreas Johnson performing new song "Idag Kommer Aldrig Igen" with Niklas Strömstedt at Nyhetsmorgon, nice stuff to listen once but not what we'd like to keep on replay due to live version. Unexpectedly Niklas and Andreas has announced now they form duo Hagsätra Sport and "Idag Kommer Aldrig Igen" is going to be their debut single to be released on October 17th so we'v got a studio version that we liked more. Track is still quite retro that sounds pretty surprising after latest Andreas Glorious-breathing pop-rock anthems and definitely it's Niklas' area but since Pernilla Andersson has fallen under our spot last Autumn we've felt nice vibes of her album "Ö" in this song, if you like her "Dansa med dig" and "Desperados" you will probably like this collaboration as well. Yesterday band has performed the track on Världens barn concert live, check it below."	
"2019-04-24T05:52:56Z"	
"http://swedishstereo.blogspot.com/2011/10/hagsatra-sport-idag-kommer-aldrig-igen.html"
"The Faithfull Folding Pruning Saw cuts branches up to 80mm in diameter. It has an easy pull action, no forward effort is required. The clog free, precision ground, ultra sharp teeth have been sharpened on 3 sides. It has a comfortable ergonomically designed rubber grip to prevent sore hands. The blade folds for easy storage and blade protection, there is also a safety catch."	
"2019-04-24T20:05:28Z"	
"http://toolbank.com/0/p/FAIFPS"
"Articles Review - Journal of Psychosomatic Research - Articles on Primal Therapy by Arthur Janov, Ph.D. and E. Michael Holden, M.D. These two articles are transcripted from a presentation made by Drs. Janov and Holden in England. Accompanying the lectures were many charts and photographs. The lectures were made after the publication of Janov's Primal Man - The New Consciousness and are an excellent synopsis of their book. Janov explained that all of us we born with giant NEEDS and when these critical needs are not met we become in a state of PAIN. The automatic mechanism of repression then shuts off perception of the pain as well as the original need. This state of being is experienced as TENSION and NEUROSIS is thus developed. A faulty neurosis can result in a PSYCHOSIS. Dr. Janov mentioned that new-born babies have an unmistakable cry and that the cry is heard during primals of patients reliving their births. The cry cannot be duplicated even by a patient who has made the cry previously. He emphasized the necessity of dealing directly with the actual source of neurosis and psychosomatic disease which are permanently encoded in the brain. Techniques which do not involve the actual access to these stored memories and pain, he said, are merely palliative and do not cure the problem. He ended his discussion by emphasizing that the methodical approach to accessing trauma is best and believes that going directly to birth feelings right away can be dangerous since "the patient is flooded with pain instead of integrating small pains at a time over many, many months." In the Chapter entitled Primal Psychophysiology Neurologist E. Michael Holden, writes that ". . . psychosomatic illnesses are the direct result of unintegrated pain from childhood." When the presentation was given he was the medical director of the Primal Institute. In the second part of his presentation, Dr. Holden summarizes five interesting case studies illustrating how psychosomatic diseases have their origin in our earlier life. The first case he discusses was of a man who had a heart attack and afterwards suffered from angina after exercise. A treadmill test (with EKG) resulted in severe shortness of breath and left arm heaviness. After primal therapy he no longer had these symptoms except when he puts off having a primal feeling. A repetition of the treadmill test showed that his cardiac reserve had increased. The second case study was of a male primal patient who had episodes of unexplained vomiting as an infant. During his early teen years he developed mucous colitis, which symptom continued to be triggered under severe emotional stress. After primal therapy he was able to discontinue all medications and developed the colitis only when he needed to primal. In primals he was able to hook up the second line cause of his disease to a fear of his father who used to beat him unmercifully. Another case study dealt with an asthmatic man who developed his symptoms at age two. He noticed in therapy that the primal was able to eliminate the asthma even more quickly than the medication he was taking. When he has an attack of asthma he was able to almost instanteously resolve the attack by primalling. The fourth case was of a man who suffered from migraine headaches with nausea. When the patient allowed himself to relive his birth feelings in primals the migraine headaches resolved themselves between ten and fifteen minutes. The number of migraine headaches he had after therapy were greatly reduced and when he has an attack he is able to resolve it quickly. The last case discussed involved a man with severe high blood pressure. Like the other case studies he was able to reduce his symptom by primalling. Interestingly, he noticed that when he becomes depressed and is able to cry his blood pressure is normal. When the depression lifts he is no longer aware of the need to primal but his hypertension had become higher. Dr. Holden writes: "Here we see an exchange between a symptom existing when awareness of suffering is slight, and the absence of the symptom when suffering and reactivity to Pain are great." In discussing the general implications and principles illustrated, Holden mentioned that psychosomatic symptoms occur in those who do not feel their early traumas in primals. Eventually, it becomes an either/or choice. Thus, one can feel the early Pain or one can suffer from the symptom. The cause of the symptom becomes clear to the patient during the re-experiencing as the patient begins to know why he has that particular psychosomatic symptom. The symptoms often have a deeper origin in earlier traumas, oftentimes in birth and even before. Dr. Holden's Symptom Formation In Neurosis in The Journal of Primal Therapy, Vol III, Nr 1, Winter, 1976, pp. 5 - 25."	
"2019-04-18T18:24:58Z"	
"http://primal-page.com/research.htm"
"Daily, a great number of an individual are earning profits through affiliate programs. These people are webmasters, individuals who operate and own their own website. There are numerous who desire more, In regards to earning money with an affiliate program. What is good about affiliate programs is that you could get more by joining more than one plan. Joining several affiliate plan can be good, money smart, nonetheless it can also get confusing. Rather than allowing this confusion stop you from making more income, you need to learn the how exactly to effectively handle the problem. With one affiliate plan, according to which business you are integrating with, it is easy to keep track of all of your documents. you'll only have money coming in from one place; however, when you make affiliate program to be joined more than one by the decision that changes this is because. A little time can be got by it complicated and consuming, when you really need to help keep monitoring of your ticks, profits, and financial records for multiple affiliate program. This frustration and time is only elevated as more affiliate programs are joined by you. Your first impulse may be to help keep monitoring of your personal earnings. Many individuals do that with a piece and simple pen of paper. Unfortuitously, there are many people who are unaware of the fact that there's easier way. In this way is by making use of your computer and a software package that was produced by a specialist. That software is known as internet tracking software. If you don't have this application, you are encouraged to acquire it because it can make it easier to join more than one affiliate program. Before deciding on a software program, it is recommended that you fully examine the affiliate program in which you're participating in. Browse here at linklicious to check up where to recognize it. Several affiliate programs are run through 3rd party programs. These popular programs include, but shouldn't be limited to, Commission Junction, Link Share, and Clickbank. Many of these programs are designed to make using affiliate programs easier, but several of these programs likewise have their own kind of tracking software. You will need to find other affiliate monitoring software, if you're not a person in these plans. You will have a number of different alternatives, if you are interested in obtaining internet tracking pc software. There are a number of software packages that you can get, some are free, but others need you to pay for them. The simplest way to pick affiliate monitoring software, whether that software be free or not, would be to study all your available choices. This can easily be performed by doing a regular internet research. By just performing a search with the words, affiliate monitoring computer software, you need to be provided with a number of different results. These results includes software packages which are obtainable for a small charge or liberated to use. In your research, you'll learn that lots of internet tracking applications are similar. All of them generally have the same objectives. Those objectives often include allowing you to produce press reports, financial records, and reports on pending winnings. Despite the fact that a lot of software packages have the same functions, you are still recommended to check on. As it pertains to acquiring something on the internet, including affiliate monitoring application, you can never be too sure. Analyzing the options that come with a tracking software program will allow you to decide if it is worth the buy or the full time to acquire it. This cogent linklicious.me link has various pushing suggestions for how to do it. By keeping all these factors in mind, you need to be in a position to effectively take part in a number of different affiliate plans, easily. All these affiliate monitoring application programs are designed to enable you, the affiliate, with keepin constantly your affiliate programs up-to-date and organized. By keeping those programs organized, you should be in a position to spend your time and effort concentrating on more considerations. Word Count 651. Browse here at the link linkilicious.me to read the meaning behind it. Should you have almost any queries concerning exactly where as well as tips on how to work with backlink indexer, you are able to call us with our webpage."	
"2019-04-24T12:19:50Z"	
"http://ccalias.com.ua/ru-RU/component/k2/itemlist/user/2009094"
"This patient presented to the office with complaints about her nasal bump, bulbous nasal tip and widened nasal bones. She felt her nose was too masculine in appearance. She had a full rhinoplasty using an open approach at our JCAHO-accredited surgical facility in Downers Grove, IL. The surgery consisted of reducing her nasal hump, narrowing the nasal bones by in-fracture, refining the nasal tip with cartilage resection and cartilage sutures, and raising the nasal tip. The patient tolerated the procedure well with minimal bruising and swelling. At three months postoperatively, she has a refined, more feminine nasal tip, a straight nasal profile, a supratip break, and a raised nasal tip. She was happy with the more feminine appearance of her nose."	
"2019-04-24T00:40:01Z"	
"https://drparesi.com/Before-After-Photos/Face/Rhinoplasty/Downers-Grove/38091"
"Godrej Woodsman Estate is a grand residential colony in Bangalore and is situated at Hebbal. The enterprise includes seven tower blocks and each block has 16 floors with eight 2 or 3 BHK apartments on every floor. Great care and planning has gone into the making of these apartments to ensure that each apartment has fine view of the flourishing greenery surrounding the area. Moreover, the flawlessly designed homes are expansive, offer privacy and plenty of relaxation. Godrej Woodsman Estate is easily accessible from all parts of the city because it is so conveniently located and is also connected to the 6-lane Golden Quadrilateral highway. However, the apartments are located in a peaceful environment away from the noise pollution that affects the rest of the city."	
"2019-04-21T22:01:56Z"	
"https://www.karnataka.com/real-estate/godrej-woodsman-estate-apartments-bangalore/"
"Joined this SAP Tier 1 partner, who is a leader in Human Capital Management, to take the organization to the next level. CEO of Nakisa decided to expand the partnership with SAP by introducing new products and signing an OEM agreement. This strategic decision required forming a new Product Development organization and introducing new methodology and processes that would facilitate the growth. Managed 5 projects running simultaneously which included 11 products with a budget of $1.7 M. Prepared status reports (Quality, Schedule, Scope and Risks) for the entire program and presented directly to the CEO. Introduced Agile methodology, trained Product Development organization (Product Strategy, Engineering and QA) and rolled out Lean Scrum. Defined new processes and guidelines with close collaboration with peers (Head of Product Strategy, Head of Engineering and Head of Quality) for: Portfolio and product definition, specification and requirements authoring, estimations and risk analysis, iteration based planning, task assignment and execution. Researched and evaluated test automation tools to be used by QA and Test Group. Implemented standards and defined KPIs; followed through for compliancy of the products by aligning the QA plan accordingly. Recommended new infrastructure to fulfill the new requirements for Product Development and worked closely with IT to purchase and build the new landscape. Collaborated with the VP of Professional Services and Deployment organization to manage and support customer projects issues and escalations. Helped Marketing team to build an effective and lean product launch plan. Managed and delivered the translation of Software and documentations to 14 languages. This localization was a budget of $300K and delivered by collaborating with LionBridge (3rd party MSA). Contributed to building a Product Life Cycle (was PLC owner) and a Software Development Plan. - Doubled the velocity/productivity within 6 months enabling Nakisa to complement its Portfolio with 4 additional new products. - Encouraged and enabled faster innovation in shorter iterations. - Leveraged Lean operation which eliminated waste and over head processes. - Transitioned from a functional organization to a matrix organization. - Improved talent retention by 75% compared to FY09. - Increased customer pipeline by 45% and revenue by 30% compared to FY09 Q2. - Attracted 6 new implementation Partners Globally to join our echo system. - Innovations that allows the architecture to introduce new products easier. - Improved collaboration with the rest of the company (Pre-Sales/FieldOps, Sales, Marketing, Professional Services, and support). This observation is based on their feedback to the CEO. Originally retained by the R&D arm of SAP's global network to integrate the Triversity (Toronto) acquisition to SAP ERP. Swiftly identified as a high-impact contributor with an exceptional blend of technical and leadership talents, and promoted to project manage the design and development of enhancements to the portfolio of retail solutions. Subsequently selected an additional promotion to oversee the development of CRM solutions for Public Sector. Technologies/Platforms/DBs: ABAP, Java; Windows, Netweaver; MS SQL, Oracle, MaxDB, DB2. In the capacity of Development Manager, planned and directed the development of sophisticated CRM solutions to meet the needs of diverse industry segments, including government, public security agencies, fund managers, and Social Services. Coached, trained and managed a team of 15 software developers, fostering a high performance team environment in which junior and senior staff are motivated to excel. Recruited junior developers to augment the initial team complement, successfully attracting and retaining high-potential candidates who were immediate value-added contributors. Implemented tighter travel expense controls in negotiating better rates and more effective use of virtual meetings which reduced project operating expenses by 35%. Identified value-added features and functionalities that positioned SAP as the solution-of-choice in the target market. This brought 15 new customers within the first six months of product ramp-up. Implemented methodologies for effort estimations such as knowledge level considerations which resulted to increase production and reduce budget waste by 25%. Instituted Scrum and Agile Development Methodologies to manage the complete project cycle, resulting in significantly more streamlined and fast-tracked development practices. Negotiated with cross-departmental colleagues to secure the staff expertise needed to meet mission-critical project deadlines. Improved customer satisfaction and ensured consumable product by hiring consultants to test the product before shipment. Successfully managed the complex integration of Triversity POS with SAP back-end systems, creating one of the richest and most flexible solutions for the retail industry today. This integration content serves customers (ex: Kenneth Cole, Jo-Ann Stores, Beall's, Wu Mart) with an end-to-end retail offering, connecting data from initial consumer interactions at the point of sale, through the retail supply chain, to the enterprise back office. SAP Netweaver XI content development. Joined this leading independent retail software supplier to assist with the design, development, testing and debugging of merchandising, CRM, and accounting solutions for large retail chains. Lead a five member team to investigate and resolve critical data integrity violations caused by defects in Inventory Management and Order Management systems at major client SONY. The team rectified all issues in implementation of store, warehouse and corporate modules within six months. Contributed technical and analytical expertise to all stages of the software development cycle, ultimately becoming team lead on customized solutions for clients such as Danier Leather, William Carter, Adidas, Body Shop, Dollar General, FAO Schwarz, Giorgio Armani, Sony of Canada, Tommy Hilfiger, La Senza, BCBG, and Tommy Bahama. Assisted students at the C / C++ language lab. Solutions-driven and highly accomplished IT professional with global experience in the design, development and deployment of sophisticated ERP and CRM solutions for clients in diverse industries. Equally conversant in the language of business and technology, serves as an ideal interface between integrated solutions. In-depth understanding of project management best practices for the complete software/application development lifecycle. Cross-functional leadership acumen in staffing, finances, operations and strategic planning. Complemented by an exceptional track record for delivering complex multi-stage and cross-location projects on time, in quality and within budget."	
"2019-04-18T16:59:11Z"	
"https://www.visualcv.com/benjaminbaghdadi/"
"Sales Motivation: What are You Learning? The last few weeks, I’ve been spending a lot of time with very seasoned salespeople from several different industries. These are some very capable people who are professional and mature in their sales process. At the same time, though, their level of sales motivation is not always where it should be and their sales performance is not quite what it should be. My sense is the reason for these dynamics starts with their lack of initiative in learning each day more about their customers and more about their own sales process. I love asking the question, “What did you learn today and how will you use it tomorrow?” I love asking this question to get people thinking on a daily basis about the importance of continuous learning. The rate at which industries, the economy and other factors change is staggering. Salespeople who become complacent in their own self-discipline will inevitably fall behind the salespeople who are proactive. Take the time and initiative to actively learn about your customers — their needs, what has changed in their company or industry, new circumstances affecting their ability or inability to buy, etc. Also evaluate your own sales process to see where you can improve or change your technique for the better. Your sales motivation deserves this kind of attention. PrevPreviousSales Motivation: Are You Dealing with Prospects or Suspects?"	
"2019-04-21T05:02:25Z"	
"https://thesaleshunter.com/sales-motivation-what-are-you-learning/"
"Allan W. Loer, age 72, of Marion passed away on Thursday, February 7, 2019 at the Wesleyan Health Care Center in Marion. Allan was born on July 17, 1946 to the late Homer W. and Florence Loer. He served in the Navy and was a self-employed painter. Memorial Services will be held at 2:00 p.m. on Friday, February 15, 2019 in the Chapel at Wesleyan Health Care Center, 729 W. 35th. Street, Marion, Indiana with Chaplain James Lutrull officiating."	
"2019-04-22T00:54:55Z"	
"https://www.ravenchoate.com/notices/Allan-Loer"
"One of the four beasts saying: "Come and see." And I saw. And behold, a white horse. An' he decides who to free and who to blame. There'll be a golden ladder reaching down. Some are born an' some are dyin'. It's Alpha's and Omega's Kingdom come. Till Armageddon, no Salaam, no Shalom. And at his feet they'll cast their golden crown. Multitudes are marchin' to the big kettle drum."	
"2019-04-23T09:02:45Z"	
"http://elizaphanian.blogspot.com/2006/01/man-comes-around.html"
"SKU: 3491008023. Category: My 1st Years. Tag: My 1st Years."	
"2019-04-23T13:04:03Z"	
"http://shopbabies.co.uk/product/cute-as-a-button-card-pink/"
"When Donald Trump was asked to name the leaders of foreign terrorist groups earlier this month, he awkwardly stumbled and suggested it wasn’t important for him to know the difference between some of those groups. So you can forgive one of the most important conservatives setting the nation’s tax policy for being skeptical of Trump’s tax plan. “How serious it was surprised me. … Writing a piece of legislation, let alone tax legislation, is a very serious thing to do,” Grover Norquist, the founder and president of the group Americans for Tax Reform, told Business Insider in a conversation on Monday. Trump’s tax plan impressed Norquist, who is perhaps the single most important person in the conservative orbit for a Republican presidential candidate to impress on tax policy. Norquist crafted the famous “pledge” to not raise taxes, one that’s signed by the vast majority of Republican candidates. Trump’s plan, observers noted upon its release, was decidedly more conventional than his vague, more populist rhetoric on the campaign trail this summer might have suggested. It also conformed to the boundaries of Norquist’s pledge by being revenue neutral. Norquist identified one notable missing element for which conservatives often advocate in tax reform: Trump’s plan would not move closer to full expensing of business fixed investment, which refers to business investment in physical assets. Those assets are currently deducted over a span of several years – Norquist and other conservatives want those assets deducted in a single year. But Norquist praised the plan’s practicality. He said it would likely earn the support of every Republican in Congress, and noted it’s on the same page with plans and ideas from Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wisconsin), the chair of the powerful House Ways and Means Committee, and Sen. Orrin Hatch, the chair of the Senate Finance Committee."	
"2019-04-21T00:20:15Z"	
"https://www.businessinsider.sg/grover-norquist-donald-trump-tax-plan-2015-9/"
"Want to edit your profile? Click here to log-in. I am a Group Benefits Underwriter/Analyst. Some of my accomplishments include being accepted to present my paper on the disparities faced by women and minorities in STEM. I also consulted on the G7 summit addressing job creation and how to support the marginalized. My work focuses on advocacy and knowledge creation in the community. Rosemary Sadlier, author, speaker, consultant and social justice advocate, has initiated numerous commemorations and honoured Black women. Sadlier provided 22 years of public service heading the only provincial heritage organization in Canada, the Ontario Black History Society, as an unpaid volunteer, while raising three children, and while employed with the Ontario Women's Directorate, the Toronto District School Board, Brock University and Ryerson University. She initiated the process, with Jean Augustine, that resulted in the national declaration of February as Black History Month, after successfully achieving this with the Province of Ontario. Similarly, she has seen to the formal commemoration of August 1st as Emancipation Day. Her books have spoken to the challenges and resilience of African Canadians including Harriet Tubman, Mary Ann Shadd and other lesser known Black Canadian women. She was the only Canadian to attend the handover of digitized records to the National Museum of African American History and Culture following her successful actualization of the national Canadian Black History Summit. Sadlier is among the first Canadians honoured as a Global Defender by the Robert F. Kennedy Speak Truth to Power initiative and is a Fellow of the Ontario Teachers' Federation. Sadlier has been honoured by the City of Toronto, the Black Business and Professional Association, AfroGlobal, she is a Kentucky Colonel, and she holds the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Award and the Order of Ontario."	
"2019-04-21T06:54:15Z"	
"https://www.100abcwomen.ca/public-profile-database/?wpbdp_view=all_listings"
"Roles and Responsibilities: Business Strategy & Growth: Managed Internet services portfolio. Launched Internet marketing, Online brand / Reputation management and Web application services. Timely entry into these service areas allowed the company to acquire a good customer base much before any local competitors came into the picture. Market & Risk Management: Aware of the challenges involved, cautiously introduced services into the Global Market in 2008. Acquired several direct clients and negotiated bulk project outsourcing tie-ups with companies in USA, UK and Australia. Project Management: Managed several projects for clients abroad. Each project involved creation of project plan, setup of team, iterative execution, correcting critical problems, monitoring project performance, streamlining overheads, improving operating systems and processes and outsourcing when necessary. International Customer Management: Having provided consultancy to international clients over the last few years, I have acquired a very clear understanding of their needs, for e.g., effective and efficient communication, availability and response, regular reporting, quality control and expectations management. Branch Manager Datapro Infoworld Ltd. Headed branch office of Datapro Infoworld Limited that provided IT education, software development and consultancy services. Handled Advertising and Marketing of Publications owned by the entity formed due to the tie-up between Bell Canada Enterprises and Tej Bandhu Group."	
"2019-04-18T14:32:04Z"	
"https://www.visualcv.com/q3et98p/"
"Its hard finding firsts or new things when the 4th and 5th child are growing up. Chances are that one of the older kids have already broken that mold and had that experience. But once again I am proved wrong. Alexander finally had a loose tooth. But he was afraid of actually losing it. He brushed gently. He wouldn't wiggle it. He altered his diet. But one morning he woke up and it was lost. He couldn't find it anywhere. Tears. Worry. We found the tiny little tooth in his bed. It had fallen out in the middle of the night. The Toothfairy brought him $5 which so happens to be the same cost as a new yo-yo that he had been wanting for about a month."	
"2019-04-21T02:59:29Z"	
"http://www.alligatorpurse.org/2014/09/first-lost-tooth-v4.html"
"570 internet researchers from all over the world met at the conference of the Association of Internet Researchers (AoIR2016)in Berlin. According to the theme “Internet Rules!”, they discussed regulations of the Internet, how power structures as well as making and breaking rules work online and what challenges occur for the society. The conference, which took place in Germany for the first time, was hosted by the Hans-Bredow-Institut and the Alexander von Humboldt Institute for Internet and Society (HIIG). For four days, the participants of the AoIR discussed what rules and regulations the Internet needs. The topics ranged from ethics in digitalisation, data protection and the regulation of platforms to effects of social media on political decision-making. The keynote “The Platform Society” was given by Prof. Dr. José van Dijck of the University of Amsterdam. One highlight of the conference was the public panel discussion “Who Rules the Internet?“ on October 6 in the lecture hall of the Humboldt-Universität Berlin. Kate Crawford (Microsoft Research), Fieke Jansen (Tactical Tech) and Carolin Gerlitz (Universität Siegen) discussed power structures and regulatory structures on the Internet at this panel. Plenary Panel: Who Rules the Internet? The Alexander von Humboldt Institute for Internet and Society (HIIG) aims at exploring the dynamic relationship between the Internet and society. It seeks to understand the interplay between social-cultural, legal, economic and technical norms in the process of digitalisation, and thus, form the basis for the dialogue of different interest groups of politics, business and society. The changes in the area of conflict of governance and innovation is the basic framework for the research. The interrelation shows many varieties and forms structures that have an effect in all areas of society and economic sectors: government and administration, businesses and markets and in different groups of civil society, from the local to the global level. The HIIG was founded in 2011 by the Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin (HU), the University of the Arts Berlin (UdK) and the Social Science Research Centre Berlin (WZB), in alliance with the Hans-Bredow-Institut as an integrated co-operation partner."	
"2019-04-22T04:26:50Z"	
"https://www.hans-bredow-institut.de/en/news/aoir2016-internet-rules"
"Welcome to the sun! Thanks for showing up and sticking around for Saturday’s wedding. Even with the sun coming back, I’m still in that laid back sort of vibe…and all over the place. A bit of computer music, some reggae, classic hip hop, and a CLASSIC Otis Redding track. We were playing some Otis Redding in the kitchen last week (on the new Echo!) and this one popped on. It took me way back to a time when Corey Haim and Corey Feldman were in everything…especially a movie called “Dream a Little Dream“. I had the cassette tape (old school) for that soundtrack and I ran it until the tape literally popped. I mean honestly…Van Morrison, Wilson Picket, Otis Redding, R.E.M., Sinatra,…check the full list here. I need to find that soundtrack for sure."	
"2019-04-21T04:38:19Z"	
"https://www.wesbrownphotography.com/2015/04/music-mondays-the-sun-in-the-sky-what/"
"A special edition Red Silk Saree from the house of Ghanshyam Sarode. This Red Saree comes with classic Kanjeevaram motifs of on the body with heavy Zari work on pallu. A collector's favourite, with its rich and elegant look, this is a perfect choice for a special evening."	
"2019-04-19T02:17:56Z"	
"https://www.jharonka.com/products/red-saree-uphsar0010"
"This formulation yields a broad spectrum (SPF/PFA ≤3) sunscreen lotion. SolaStay® S1 is incorporated to mitigate the photocatalytic and reactive oxygen species generating activities of Titanium Dioxide and to rapidly and efficiently quench the excited states of Avobenzone. HallBrite® BHB aids wetting and dispersion of the Titanium Dioxide. Olivem® liquid crystal making emulsifiers provide a stable emulsion while imparting sensorial and physiological benefits. This product was subjected to in vitro analysis and delivered SPF ~50, PFA (PPD) ~17 performance with critical wavelength 378 nm. 1 To a secondary vessel add phase A and start mixing and heating. When phase A is a clear solution add phase B and continue heating."	
"2019-04-19T12:29:54Z"	
"https://www.hallstarbeauty.com/formula/broad-spectrum-spf-50-sunscreen-lotion-2/"
"Chinese cabbage (Brassica rapa subsp. Chinensis), also known as bok choy or pak choi, is a green leafy vegetable native to China, where it has been cultivated for thousands of years. This winter-hardy vegetable is highly popular in China and Southeast Asia, particularly in Vietnam and the Philippines. Chinese cabbage has captured the attention of the western world in recent years due to to its highly nutritious leaves and stalks. Thanks to its varied and abundant concentrations of manganese, zinc, and vitamins A and C, Chinese cabbage can be considered a good source of antioxidants, which are helpful substances that play an important role in keeping the body’s cells healthy and protected from free radical damage. As a cruciferous vegetable, Chinese cabbage contains glucosinolates. These naturally occurring components give vegetables like Chinese cabbage a pungent aroma and health benefits that include inflammation reduction, detoxification support, and immune system stimulation. Chinese cabbage has the essential nutrients to keep osteoporosis at bay: calcium and phosphorus aid in bone mineralization, magnesium creates collagen, and vitamin K regulates the bone mineralization process. Moreover, a single cup of Chinese cabbage can deliver 64 percent of the recommended daily value of vitamin K and 16 percent of the recommended daily value of calcium, making it all the easier to prevent bone fractures. By working in conjunction with potassium, magnesium and calcium can naturally decrease blood pressure and keep it at a normal level. Note: Chinese cabbage is generally healthy but should be consumed in limited amounts or avoided by individuals with thyroid dysfunction. Like all cruciferous vegetables, Chinese cabbage has goitrogens or chemical compounds that can lead to goiter if taken regularly and in high amounts. In addition to lowering and steadying blood pressure, Chinese cabbage promotes heart health with vitamin B6 and folate. These two nutrients ensure that there is no buildup of homocysteine, a compound that has been linked to blood vessel damage. Furthermore, Chinese cabbage has zero cholesterol. The high vitamin C content in Chinese cabbage is good for the skin as well since vitamin C is necessary for collagen, the substance that renews and repairs skin. The easiest way to enjoy Chinese cabbage is as a simple stir fry. Chinese cabbage prepared this way can be eaten as is or served with tofu and meat to make it more substantial a meal. Apart from stir fry, Chinese cabbage does well in salads, wraps, sandwiches, and slaw. Note: when purchasing Chinese cabbage from the grocery, choose firm and fresh heads that feel heavy for their size. Avoid heads with leaves that appear bruised or wilted. Chinese cabbage is a low-calorie, nutrient-dense vegetable that contains a multitude of essential minerals and vitamins. The combination of nutrients makes it one of the best foods for supporting the heart and skin, and a good preventive measure against osteoporosis and high blood pressure. Individuals with thyroid disorders should consume Chinese cabbage sparingly or avoid it altogether because of the possible negative effects this vegetable may cause to the thyroid gland."	
"2019-04-22T01:09:07Z"	
"https://naturalpedia.com/chinese-cabbage-sources-health-benefits-nutrients-uses-and-constituents-at-naturalpedia-com.html"
"Adsorption chiller technology is one of effective means to convert waste thermal energy into effective cooling, which substantially improves energy efficiency and lowers environmental pollution. This article develops an improved lump-parameter design model for multi-bed silica gel-water adsorption chillers. It is validated by experimental results stemming from a four-bed silica gel-water adsorption chiller at various operating conditions. We found that the performance predictions from this model compare favourably with experimental results. At rated conditions and over a wide range of cycle times, both the cooling capacity and COP can be predicted to within 10%. This indicates that the model can be used confidently as a design tool for multi-bed adsorption chillers."	
"2019-04-26T12:58:37Z"	
"http://ecite.utas.edu.au/94191"
"from shaft (Figure 6, Item 3). Remove slotted screw (Figure 7, Item 4) from cam (Figure 7, Item 3) and remove cam. Lift wear plate (Figure 7, Item 2) off dowel in housing (Figure 7, Item 1)."	
"2019-04-20T05:11:57Z"	
"http://enginemechanics.tpub.com/TM-55-2815-574-24/Figure-5-Slinger-And-Bearing-Seal-939.html"
"Global Partitions Free Standing Toilet Stalls in Powder Coated Metal Overhead braced floor mounted restroom stall. Standard stalls 36"x 60" depth (26" door), ADA stall 60"x60" depth (36" door). All hardware included. Doors can be either in or out swing. Up to 8 standard stalls total or 7 standard and 1 ada stall. All toilet partitions ship in 48-72 hours plus 2-4 days travel. To have an ADA stall you must select 1 ADA 24x60, plus 1 standard stall for 1 complete 60x60 ada stall. To have an ADA stall & standard stall, you must select 2 standard stalls and 1 ADA stall 24x60. Bathroom free standing toilet partitions in powder coated metal overhead braced floor mounted very economical and often used in a commercial restroom. Finish is a hard hybrid epoxy/polyester powder coated finish over rust resistant phosphate treated steel. With inner honeycomb core bonded to the steel with a non-toxic adhesive to ensure solid construction and sound attenuation. Assembled with a continuous roll-formed interlocking crown molding, with corners brazed and ground smooth. Restroom doors, panels and urinal screens - 1" thick, 22 gauge steel. Doors and panels are 58" high. Pilasters 1-1/4" thick x 82"ht overhead braced floor mounted. 20 gauge steel. Hardware cam action hinge permits door to remain at desired position when not in use. Hinges, strike and keeper, coat hook, latch and brackets are chrome plated alloy. Concealed latch assembly allows for emergency access. Pilaster shoes are 304 stainless steel. Installation instructions, all mounting hardware and a can of touch up paint are supplied with each order. Ordering online All powder coated metal partitions manufactured by Global Partitions. All toilet partitions ship in 48-72 hours plus 2-4 days travel."	
"2019-04-25T14:31:13Z"	
"https://www.robertbrooke.com/powder-coated-steel-stalls-free-standing.html"
"We welcome you to the Best Western Plus San Jose, an exclusive executive hotel where you will find everything you need for a business or leisure trip like no other. Start exploring all that the Best Western Plus San Jose, Costa Rica offers. Enjoy all the comforts of our practical and bright rooms. When you book in any of our rooms, you can enjoy a complimentary and hearty breakfast buffet in our Club Lounge. A contemporary and cozy space surrounded by beautiful gardens, where you can start your day with some delicious eggs however you would like them, accompanied by a cup of our celebrated Costa Rican coffee, fresh fruit and the traditional Gallo Pinto which is one Costa Rica’s best known typical dishes."	
"2019-04-24T15:53:59Z"	
"https://www.bestwesterncostarica.com/en-gb/best-western-plus?page_id=190643"
"Most municipal and private water supplies contain dissolved solids such as calcium. These dissolved solids in water cause most problems in ice makers. Calcium is a soft mineral that dissolves readily in water and is the cause of most scale in ice makers. The IceTech system with Scale Eliminator Technology eliminates scale and provides quality water to an ice maker on a continuous basis. The IceTech System is a complete ice maker water treatment system that controls ice maker water-related maintenance problems. Change IT1 and IT2 cartridges approximately every six months."	
"2019-04-23T18:00:42Z"	
"http://www.refrigeration-equipment.com/shop/catalog/IceTech-Water-Treatment-System-For-all-icemakers-up-to-2400-lbs-p-16610.html"
"With adaptive software, recommendation engines, supplemental homework exercises, and highly personalized lesson plans, we can help teachers personalize each student’s learning plan and work with parents to match her learning styles, fill skills gaps, and even help her enjoy school more. Each student approaches a subject differently, which means that a teacher working from a single textbook must do the best she can to help each child get the most from each chapter. She can use study questions, or her class discussion, to make sure each student understands the key concepts and how to use them. But what if the textbook were dynamic? What if each chapter could be adapted to match that student’s learning style? What if a student having trouble with a concept could simply click on a link to drill down into additional information on it, while the student who understands the concept quickly could click on a different link and spend time learning more about how that concept applies to real life problems? Being able to measure a student’s performance in real time (see “diagnosis”) helps teacher’s manage this challenge. Today, many online tools are “adaptive,” which means they match the kind of questions they ask, or the difficulty of those questions, to the student’s performance on earlier questions. For example, a child practicing single digit math facts may have trouble multiplying by eights. The teacher, noting the pattern of incorrect answers, can give him more practice with eights before moving on to two-digit multiplication. Across the classroom, the teacher may assign another student more problems with sevens, based on her results. Some online programs do this automatically. Online tools also help teachers break their classes into smaller groups, so that the teacher can provide each group with targeted instruction. In a math class, for example, online tools can help a teacher assign extra practice for students struggling with a particular algebra problem. For another group, the teacher might recommend extra credit story problems, or reading on how adults are using algebra and other mathematics in their professions. This kind of personalization improves engagement. Personalized learning can also be more efficient. In a class of 20 or 30 students, a typical lesson goes too slowly for some; too quickly for others. A teacher learns to balance her lessons, helping as many students advance as quickly as they can, without leaving others behind. The toughest part? A student can move from the top of the class, to the bottom of it, and back again, from lesson to lesson and week to week. With personalized lessons, fewer kids have down time while their classmates catch up, and other students are not advanced to a new concept until they’ve mastered the last one."	
"2019-04-20T13:10:39Z"	
"https://leadcommission.org/uses/personalization?page=4"
"A fantasy novel, just in time before Halloween. Knights of Mythreth Book 1: The Knight’s Order has been quietly floating on the interwebs for awhile as an e-book, and I’d like to thank all the people who’ve taken an interest in it. You rock! I hope you liked it. Please consider leaving a review on Amazon, or where you bought it, and I will be inspired to finish Knights of Mythreth: Book 2 faster ;). Another good place to leave a review is on Goodreads. The book has been doing pretty well, and it’s all thanks to you! These numbers are pretty good considering it’s Book 1, no one knows of me, and it was released quietly. Thanks again to all of you who took an interest, and I hope you liked it enough to leave a review, and are looking forward to Book 2! Don’t worry, I’ll keep you updated on its progress. The 1st proof was too dark. The 2nd is better, but I’ve ordered a 3rd which should be the best. The 3rd proof has turned out really well. The 2nd proof looked washed out, and the lightning was still too purple. The 3rd proof isn’t too dark, or too washed out, and the lightning is the closest to bluish-purple out of all 3. I didn’t know printing could be so finicky. Hugh Pindur (the cover artist) was awesome and sent me updated files that will work better with the printer. Check out his art, it’s amazing! Update: The Knight’s Order e-book just went live on Scribd. as well. This one was a long wait (2.5 weeks before it was published). Amazon , Kobo , Apple iBooks , Barnes&Noble , 24 Symbols , Inktera , Thalia , AND Scribd. At some point I may sell it on my website. I’ll let you know if I do. For those who haven’t heard of this fantasy novel, you can see more information on The Knight’s Order Page. Who says Halloween is only for horror? Dress up as your favorite fictional character!"	
"2019-04-21T10:50:53Z"	
"https://jaalexsoo.com/tag/fantasy/"
"Sandra Jordan, Special Events Beau Rivage Resorts, Inc. Vlad Gorenshteyn, Digital Marketing Manager AIS Media, Inc. "I've had the benefit of working with Tony on two different occasions, first at Spunlogic and then at Engauge. His energy, work ethic and passion for what he's doing are reasons why I'd happily work with him again in the future, and I'd recommend him for any organization that values those qualities. I'll also add that Tony has gained a great deal of experience over the years both in digital marketing and social media. Once he latches on to an area he's passionate about, it doesn't take him long to get up to speed and deeply involved in that community." "Tony was a great find a Edutech. He's a natural at marketing and relationship sales. Great energy and personality. He'll do what it takes to get the job done." "Tony was a guy whose opinion I really valued at A.D.A.M. when we first went into the emerging Internet space. He "got it' and his input helped us. I know that Tony has continued to be actively involved with online business and I would take what he has to say very seriously because he is smart." "Tony is a great person to have on your team! He has a deep passion for interactive marketing, and he shares his passion with both colleagues and clients. One of my favorite qualities about Tony is his intellectual curiosity that keeps him constantly abreast of the latest trends in digital marketing. From a sales perspective, he is very tenacious, but he also focuses on adding value to every interaction with a potential client. Tony is a team player who makes everyone around him better. I highly recommend Tony, and look forward to watching as his career continues to blossom." "Tony is a talented, creative, tech savvy, organized manager with excellent communication skills. I highly recommend him." Digital Savant, Obsessively Creative, Fearless Advertising/Marketing Exec. Subscribe to my blog and/or stalk me socially. "The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some great ideas!""	
"2019-04-21T14:08:46Z"	
"http://tonykinard.net/tag/brand/"
"You have found your Mercer Island WA Roof Contractor that will do quality Roof work for you! At Ampro Roofing we have been the Roof Contractor in Mercer Island WA for our customers for years. Ampro Roofing's most important aspect is the quality of our Roof services making us leaders in the industry providing Roof projects in Mercer Island WA. When Searching for a Roof Contractor they should offer you options that do more than match the Roof Contractor in Mercer Island WA. You need to look at how the Roof Contractor is rated, how much Roof experience they have, are they a local Mercer Island WA Roof Contractor and any further concerns that you may have for your specific project. At AmPro Roofing, a Roof Contractor expert in Mercer Island WA, our experienced Roof contractors work locally in Mercer Island WA providing excellent Roof for Mercer Island WA residents and homeowners throughout Mercer Island WA and the surrounding areas. So if you are searching for a Roof Contractor in Mercer Island WA or just need an estimate for your Mercer Island WA home... call us. We have trusted Roof Contractor in Mercer Island WA standing by ready to provide you with the best service and solutions available. We are happy to speak to you even if you simply have a Roof Contractor question. Click to see some Testimonials. Allow our experts to answer your questions about your Roof Contractor project, contact AmPro Roofing near Mercer Island WA at (425) 533-0626. AmPro Roofing is headquartered near Mercer Island WA! We have a local Mercer Island WA office in your community that will ensure your Roof Contractor project is done right. We live close and will make this Roof Contractor a priority, striving to more than meet your needs. We also will never compromise on using quality materials from top rated manufactures in your Roof project in Mercer Island WA. Our expert inspectors can help you make the right choice about your Roof project in Mercer Island WA. Even though a new roof is not always the case, we can tell for sure when one of our Roof Contractor experts visit your Mercer Island WA home. Most homes here in Mercer Island WA require some sort of maintenance that may include a Roof or other of our expert services that are far too often overlooked. We know how a big decision like getting a Roof can be very overwhelming. So at AmPro we like to offer all of the Roof possibilities that are available. We want to make sure you get a Roof you'll love and performed by a local Mercer Island WA Roof Contractor leader. We hope this will help to ease your mind about who is doing the Roof Contractor work. Ampro Roofing is known for quality Roof Contractor in Mercer Island WA. When you’re looking for a Roof Contractor in Mercer Island WA, take into consideration AmPro is a Roof Contractor expert right here in Mercer Island WA. We encourage you ask about our Roof Contractor track record and compare it with other Roof Contractor competitors here in Mercer Island WA. See for yourself our work and Roof experience, we feel we offer the reliability and peace of mind that you are looking for. As one of our Mercer Island WA Roof Contractor projects, we want to provide you the best Roof value in Mercer Island WA. We not only specialize in Roof in Mercer Island WA but offer many other roofing related services. Contact AmPro Roofing at (425) 533-0626 to learn more! AmPro Roofing has excellent Roof Contractor offers including our Manufacturer Approved Roof Systems that provide superior strength and durability. The AmPro Roofing Team are Roof Contractor experts and can install a new roof system or a Roof Contractor renovation in Mercer Island WA which will be affordable and sturdy. Click here to see the different Manufacturer approved roofing systems that are available. We have a checklist of key points related to choosing your contractor for your Roof Contractor project and roofing system. www.AmProRoofing.com offers online customer-friendly reviews of current roofing projects, Roof Contractor installs, roofing history and recommendations for future roofing. Ampro Roofing also has Roof Contractor projects that include before/after photos of roofing projects. Call us today at (425) 533-0626 or fill out our contact form to get your Roof in Mercer Island WA started today!"	
"2019-04-25T14:41:00Z"	
"https://www.amproroofing.com/roof-contractor-mercer-island-wa"
"Conveniently located off I-40 in Seminole, the Seminole Nation Casino offers all your favorite electronic games as well as a deli and. Gaming Information:.The Seminole Tribe has long been recognized for innovation in its gaming and other businesses. It opened the first high-stakes bingo hall and casino in the United.Learn more about Hard Rock International’s owner, the Seminole Tribe of Florida. Information, maps, photos, and reviews of overnight RV Parking available at the Seminole Casino Immokalee.Gambling on a good time isn't even an option when you visit the best of Florida casinos: Seminole Hard Rock Casino in Hollywood, FL. Also in their portfolio is the finest restaurant at any ballpark in America. The Seminole Tribe of Florida is planning a $1.6 billion expansion of its casinos and hotels in Tampa and Hollywood that could create 4,000 permanent jobs.A map showing casinos and other gaming facilities located near Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Tampa, located in Tampa at 5223 Orient Road, in Florida, United States. NYY Steak at Yankee Stadium is a joint venture of the New York Yankees LLC and Seminole Hard Rock Entertainment, parent company of Hard Rock International.The reservation here is now exclusively the home of the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino and a. Seminole Gaming. Seminole Lives Enriched But Divided By Casino. Seminole Wild Card gives you the power to earn and redeem comp dollars at all of the Seminole Casino properties located throughout Florida.Seminole, Oklahoma: Hotel casinos and other gaming information including the latest casino news, holdemtourneys, slot machine details, pari-mutuel (horse tracks.Experience the thrill of 24/7 gaming action at Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Hollywood, Florida, South Florida’s largest casino. Play high-energy slots and. FLORIDA Indian Gaming. Seminole Indian Gaming Compact Authorization, Section 285.710, FS. To obtain information about a facility go to: Indian Casinos Map. That facility was the forerunner of the Indian Gaming movement throughout North America. Seminole Brighton Casino is centrally located in Florida just a short drive from either coast.Florida State Senator Rob Bradley and the Seminole casinos are in negotiations over the tribe’s exclusive rights to banked card games in the Sunshine State. press release Seminole Tribe of Florida and Seminole Gaming Respond to Moody. the casino-operating Seminole Tribe Of Florida has reportedly joined with state. Apply now at gotoworkhappy.com.Seminole Casino Job Opening. One of them is to bring you an introduction to the best of what is available in online casino gaming. TAMPA, Fla. (August 13, 2014) – With its re-opening scheduled for the fall, Rock Spa® at Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Tampa is now recruiting experienced hair. The Seminole Nation of Oklahoma closed its gaming center and three casinos Saturday.Chief Kenneth Chambers said the shutdown could last months and up to 310 employees.Seminole contract looms over future of. at locations including its Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino. Seminole contract looms over future of Florida gambling."	
"2019-04-22T10:55:43Z"	
"http://yoursocialcapital.ga/hyzon/seminole-gaming-casino-badu.php"
"Animoto enables students to use a combination of photo and video content to promote their fantastic work in a unique, creative way. Animoto is also available on the web! With SymbalooEDU teachers can organize and share the best of the web with their students. ymbalooEDU is a free educational tool that allows teachers and students to save their online resources in the cloud with access from any device.Teachers can easily save their favorite web 2.0 sites to a webmix with just a few clicks then share it with colleagues or students. With an account a users resources are available on any iPhone, PC, Mac and iPad. The iResponse Standard is an intuitive and easy to use classroom responder system that allows for in-the-moment student-teacher interaction. No Internet service or subscription service required. Works with a stand-alone network router. Only $0.99 in the iTunes app store! Kaizena gives educators tools to give great feedback to learners."	
"2019-04-24T04:49:16Z"	
"https://www.smore.com/ed89c"
"Technical experts, Information Specialists establish and operate the communications systems that enable the Coast Guard to successfully carry out its diverse mission. Preparing, sending, and receiving critical voice, data, and video information across a full-integrated system. Information Specialists also maintain shipboard computer systems and function as network administrators, troubleshooting and repairing problems associated with the use of computers. This coin salutes the skillful service of the Coast Guard's Information Specialists, who enhance the command and control capabilities of America's Coast Guard. Featured on the obverse is a detailed rendering of the insignia worn by these individuals. In honor of the Coast Guard's heritage as America's oldest continuous maritime force, the reverse depicts a team of intrepid Coast Guard sailors braving rough surf as they approach a lighthouse and features a space for engraving. Struck in a nickel alloy and gently brushed with an antique finish, this coin is accented with crisp enamel highlights. Each coin comes packaged with a descriptive header card that underscores the unique contributions of Coast Guard Information Specialists."	
"2019-04-22T12:39:51Z"	
"https://store.nwtmint.com/product_details/1688/Coast_Guard_Information_Systems_Technician/?utm_source=NWTM&amp;utm_medium=nwtm_online_store&amp;utm_campaign=StoreAlsoBoughtAll"
"A Spanish prelate has been arrested for allegedly stealing and leaking classified Vatican documents in the second such scandal to hit the secretive institution in three years. Monsignor Lucio Angel Vallejo Balda, who served on a special commission set up by Pope Francis to advise him on economic reform within the Vatican, was arrested as part of an investigation into the "misappropriation and disclosure of classified documents and information". The arrest followed Italian media reports at the weekend that Vatican police were investigating the attempted theft of a laptop belonging to Libero Milone, the head of the city state's new finance office. Balda was hauled in for questioning on Saturday along with a second member of the commission, Francesca Chaouquil, after a probe lasting several months, a Vatican statement said. Both were arrested but Chaouqui was released by Vatican prosecutor Roberto Zannotti on Monday because she agreed to collaborate with investigators and was not considered a flight risk. The Vatican also denounced the expected publication this week of two new books believed to be based on leaks from hackers releasing information regarding the famously murky world of its finances. And it referred to the last time employees aired the centuries-old institution's dirty laundry. In 2012, Pope Benedict XVI's butler engineered a series of leaks that revealed fierce infighting in the highest echelons of the Catholic Church and allegations of serious fraud in the running of the city state. "As far as the books announced for the coming days go, it is clear that this time too, just as in the past, they are the fruit of a serious betrayal of the pope's trust," the statement said."	
"2019-04-20T17:28:47Z"	
"https://www.thelocal.es/20151102/spanish-prelate-arrested-in-return-of-vatileaks-scandal"
"Easy-fitting tulip-front hoodie for women is dual-function, designed to get the latest fashion trend in the simplest style for the most popularity - a great value. Made from comfortable and stylish sweatshirt fabric. This is the perfect fashionable everyday top undershirts or wear it on its own."	
"2019-04-23T12:34:59Z"	
"https://liverpoolprivatereserve.com/products/black-tulip-wrap-cape-style-long-sleeve-hoodie"
"Did you receive a call from 442-859-0158? This is the place where you can find the detailed report about the owner of the number. You can get the basic information below and you can check the full report which includes the name, address and other personal information of the caller. Almost everything about the owner can be found here so if the caller is trying to harass you or annoy you in any way, you can get their information here and use it to your advantage. This will help you put a stop to these annoying calls."	
"2019-04-21T06:55:46Z"	
"http://www.gettherecords.com/1/442-859-0158"
"Gowe (Gifted On West East) updates us on what's good with his upcoming mixtape. Looking forward to it dropping. Click here to learn more on this Beacon Hill cat."	
"2019-04-22T04:46:28Z"	
"http://www.blogsiswatching.com/2008/03/gowe-update.html"
"This simple segment includes every user who has ever browsed the site on their iPhone. A user's device can be inferred from their user agent. For iPhones the user agent will contain 'iPhone'."	
"2019-04-25T10:44:05Z"	
"http://support.permutive.com/segmenting-data/segment-examples/segment-example-iphone-users"
"Bringing your favourite images to life couldn't be easier with help from White Wall. They use amazing technology to print your images on acrylic, aluminium, on canvas, mirrors, and regular printing paper. Their prices are fantastic and their delivery service is very rapid as they try and make sure that your receive the best products in the quickest time possible. Shop now for some of the best gift items around that won't disappoint. Sharing is caring! Share White Wall good will!"	
"2019-04-22T08:12:24Z"	
"https://www.helpfreely.org/de/shops/gb/white-wall-10596/"
"Hello, guys…I hope you all are well. Today I will give you some important tips about KM PLAYER. I think you all have used this player. But it has some problems. If you have internet, then it will show you auto ad. 2) Now copy the file paste it anywhere. I paste it in my desktop. How to play damaged video easily? 3) Now open that file with notepad. Km Player is the best player i have ever seen and i have ever used……………Then you will see there these…….. Now look at the above red color box and write these in that open notepad as like as these given below….. Now save the file. Then copy it from which folder you copy, replace it there…..as like as these given below………. If you want to download it, then you will see these. To get rid of this problem we have to unblock the link. You will have to only type # before the link…. After finishing the work, you have to remove #. Now let’s see another tips. We all can increase/decrease the brightness of it by using KM PLAYER. You can do this by following this easily…. Now click right button of your mouse on the KM PLAYER. Then go to Options>Preferences. Now select video processing. By selecting video processing, go to general tab. Then select Always Use (Strongly Recommended) from condition of general tab. After that get out of there by closing that file."	
"2019-04-18T10:24:38Z"	
"http://www.talkandtalkers.com/important-tips-km-player/"
"Statistics released today by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics show the Northwest Arkansas metropolitan area had one of the lowest unemployment rates in the nation last month. The Northwest Arkansas area, which includes Benton, Madison and Washington counties in Arkansas and McDonald County, Mo., had an unemployment rate of 4.9 percent in September, down from 5.3 percent in August. Among 372 metropolitan areas in the U.S., Northwest Arkansas was among 41 with an unemployment rate below 5 percent. "It's critical that we continue to grow jobs in Northwest Arkansas because we still have more than 11,000 people who want to go to work," said Mike Harvey, the Northwest Arkansas Council's chief operating officer. "There remains much work to do when it comes to improving economic opportunity in our region." Arkansas’ unemployment rate was 6.5 percent in September. That was an improvement over August’s 7 percent. In September 2011, the unemployment rate statewide was 7.7 percent. The nation’s unemployment rate in September was 7.6 percent. Meanwhile, the Northwest Arkansas region’s labor force continued to grow. There are 238,600 workers in the metropolitan area of Benton, Madison, Washington and McDonald counties. That’s 4,800 more workers than there were in the same month last year. For complete labor force and unemployment statistics from across the nation, click here."	
"2019-04-21T10:57:57Z"	
"http://www.nwacouncil.org/news/2016/10/24/unemployment-falls-below-5-percent"
"New 3x06 "Smells Like Teen Spirit" still [HQ] ♥. . HD Wallpaper and background images in the Caroline Forbes club tagged: caroline forbes candice accola the vampire diaries smells like teen spirit 3x06 cw still ♥ hq photo. This Caroline Forbes photo might contain レオタード, ユニタード, ボディスーツ, キャットスーツ, 猫のスーツ, and ボディー スーツ."	
"2019-04-21T02:43:15Z"	
"http://ja.fanpop.com/clubs/caroline-forbes/images/26233385/title/new-3x06-smells-like-teen-spirit-still-hq-photo"
"What is the proper way to backup before installing add-ons? Everybody always mentions backing up before you install a new contribution. I'm wondering what is the best way to achieve this? Should I just save my store in a zip file on my computer? ie. domain.com/store <--- Just take this entire directory? What about the database, should I back that up too, if so how? I intend to install several contributions so I want to make sure I'm doing the backup properly and efficiently if possible. edit: I meant to post this in osc. 2.x forum btw, if a mod would move it, that would be great! You should backup both your dBase & your files, dBase backup should be a regular thing anyway. Also add Database backup manager http://addons.oscommerce.com/info/5769 to replace the default tool, as that is bugged. For your site files, the easiest method is Backup of all store files in zip format http://addons.oscommerce.com/info/6986 though that is still in a rough state, either it will work on your site or not, though is it makes the backup file that will be good. I added that first contribution, is there a way to set that contribution to create backups on a schedule without me having to log into admin? I didn't add the 2nd one as I didn't quite grasp the installation instructions. I know you say the osc tool is buggy but if it still works then I hope I can do without this contribution. Also in terms of restoring the backup database..can it only be done via the existing tool? I once added a contribution and it wouldn't allow me to login to osc admin. In a situation like that, what would be done? I would still advise you add Database backup manager , the install only involves adding a function & replacing the existing osC file with the new. The original osC file can have failures on restore, so best to replace, with Database backup manager you can also do partial backups or restores (even with autobackup files). You can schedule backups with autobackup through a cron job, its detailed in the package. Also in terms of restoring the backup database..can it only be done via the existing tool? Backups can be restored via the admin tool, or through phpMyAdmin, or through your cpanel. If yoy have very large backups these methods may struggle, in which case just ask your host to do it. I set up the cron job for every 6 hours. Is that too much, too little? I added the autobackup and when I enable making zip of autobackup files, my entire shop gets messed (just white with no content). I'm guessing this is the part for store files and this feature is not for saving database zip files? Am I correct? I would suspect you forgot to upload the included zip function."	
"2019-04-20T08:41:46Z"	
"https://forums.oscommerce.com/topic/354343-what-is-the-proper-way-to-backup-before-installing-add-ons/"
"Thank you so much for your purchase! Your contributions help me to continue doing what I love; making comics! The first of the Juan Chupacabra Case Files! When a gambler goes missing, it's up to Juan Chupacabra, private investigator, to find him! When you purchase the Case File, you'll receive three .CBR files, perfect for reading on your PC, or tablet of choice! The 24-page digital comic, Double Down on Murder, a full-length commentary edition, featuring creators AJ Apelian and Colt Hoskins, and 39 pages of Extras, including a sketch gallery, and the full script for Double Down on Murder."	
"2019-04-22T08:11:15Z"	
"https://gumroad.com/l/bODo"
"Before THE CHRONICLES OF NARNIA: THE LION, THE WITCH AND THE WARDROBE leaves the theater, just a few comments on its extraordinary run. Many of them had caveats like, "the movie was great despite the Christian allegory," or "the viewer can ignore the Christian aspects of the story and simply enjoy the great tale." You would think the critics would have learned from Mel Gibson's PASSION OF THE CHRIST that there truly is a market out in the world for good family fare with a Christian subtext. Those critics that did not like the film panned its Christian roots or compared it to LORD OF THE RINGS and found it wanting. Major media commentators like Roeper and Ebert, and the New York Times liked the movie very much but seemed unable to figure out that the message is what made the movie--and it was an explicitly Christian message. My take on the comparison of Middle Earth to Narnia is that the film never tried to be Peter Jackson's masterpiece, just like Lewis never tried to be Tolkien. These are just completely different types of stories. Tolkien's is an epic and Lewis' is a fairy tale. Things work differently in each of these genres. THE LION, THE WITCH AND THE WARDROBE is just great moviemaking that is at its heart a kid's story that every adult can love. It talks about faith, about growing up, about being heroic, and about life after death. With the content lifted from the Gospel message, how can such an optimistic outlook go wrong. Answer--it can't. This film's success will ensure the rest of the stories become part of a worthy film franchise. Lastly, the critics' fear of Aslan, what he represents, and what the values he holds might do to viewers is perhaps one of the best things to come from this film. I took a lot of members of my parish to this movie. They got to see and hear the Gospel message in a new way, an exciting way. If they now see Christ as the Lion of Judah, so much the better. Let the critics beware; it looks like Aslan will be on the prowl for a long time to come."	
"2019-04-26T08:56:02Z"	
"https://anamchara.blogs.com/anamchara/2006/01/index.html"
"Fire ruled an accident; cat rescued from one of houses. Two houses caught on fire in Northeast El Paso early Sunday morning in what fire officials are calling an accidental fire. The El Paso Fire Department was called out to a fire along the 5300 block of Annette Avenue at about 4 a.m. Sunday. When crews arrived, they found heavy smoke and flames coming from the back of one house and from the side of another. Firefighters began to simultaneously fight the fire and look for occupants. One of the houses was empty and the residents of the other were able to get out on their own. Firefighters rescued a cat from the empty house. Firefighters knocked down the fire at about 4:45 a.m. and continued to check for hot spots until about 5 a.m. The fire was confined to about 25 percent of one house, with damages estimated at about $55,000, and to 10 percent of the other house, with damages estimated at $12,000. The cause of the fire was accidental, fire officials said. No other details were available. A total of 11 units and 29 firefighters responded. El Paso Police, Texas Gas and El Paso Planning and Inspections also assisted."	
"2019-04-18T16:18:50Z"	
"https://www.elpasotimes.com/story/news/local/2016/07/17/two-houses-damaged-fire-northeast-el-paso/87219702/"
"QuinAc provides applied and proven solutions into specific industries and segments. This involves establishing project teams, subject matter expertise and networking to deliver niche solutions, such as Defense Consulting . We operate in conjunction with the QuinXi group but also contract , participate in a JV or involve other external partners if needed."	
"2019-04-23T23:50:25Z"	
"http://quinxi.com/applied_consulting/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=35:home&catid=31:applied-consulting"
"Much like all of my readers, I encounter various forms of idiocy on a daily basis. Some might argue that the forms of idiocy that I encounter is magnified due to my living in the great Garden State, but I would argue that they’re wrong. What I’ve come to understand is that idiots are just idiots and it doesn’t matter where they live or what they do for a living! Case in point – the idiot at the local college’s bookstore. As some of you may remember, I teach at the local college. Well, two weeks ago was the first day of class and I just took over the teaching assignment for this class at the end of August. The problem with switching teaching assignments so close to the beginning of the school year is that the previous professor’s books are still the ones that are listed as the required texts – and I use different books. Thus, we have a problem. My students came to class on the first day and most of them had the wrong textbook with them. No problem, I thought. I told the students to go back to the bookstore and explain the issue and that it shouldn’t be a problem to get a refund and switch out the book that they bought with the correct one. I’ve worked with the bookstore before and they’re typically a good, easy-going bunch. However, I decided that since I was on vacation from my day job that after class that day I would walk over to the bookstore and just double check to be sure that the right books were assigned to my class section (they were). When I arrived at the bookstore, I noticed some of my students switching out their books, which was good. I asked one of the runners (they have students that run to the back to check on questions when they come up) if she could go and check my book assignments. By the response on this young girl’s face, you would have thought that I asked her to do high end calculus using nothing but an abacus. She responded with something like, “Oh… I don’t think I can do that, but let me ask my supervisor.” And before I could tell her not to worry about it, she was gone. Folks, the last thing I want to do as an adjunct professor on the first day of school is bother a supervisor in the bookstore. If you’ve ever been to a college bookstore on the first day of classes, it’s mayhem. The young girl came running back and said to follow her to the back. Immediately, I put my guard up because not only was this completely unnecessary, but I knew that whoever I was going to speak with was going to be irate at my presence."	
"2019-04-23T15:05:00Z"	
"http://www.jerseysmarts.com/tag/books-2/"
"Prominent & Leading Manufacturer from Mumbai, we offer cotton fabrics, warli prints, dyed prints and summer wear fabrics. Quality : Pure Cotton Cambric Width : 112 cms. Looking for “Cotton Fabrics for Apparel Industry”?"	
"2019-04-25T04:40:31Z"	
"https://www.rameshhassanandtextiles.com/cotton-fabrics-apparel-industry.html"